Six feet and 630 muscular pounds was now average adult size, so at six feet nine inches and 790 pounds with his extra-muscular symbiote J was now considerably taller than average and one of the heaviest and strongest ones. His powerful symbiote had really muscled out for some reason and gained the additional 40 pounds when it formed the extra arms. Everyone had the extra arms regardless of his or her muscular new size, though. J had been richly rewarded for finding a missing diamond wedding ring and returning it to the couple it belonged to three days after being infected and “suited up” by his symbiote and gave most of his reward money to a charity that helped Christian refugees escape unspeakable and horrific persecution in war-torn countries. Many of these people had been rescued with this donation and J’s feeder insect business was thriving. J was able to use the money he earned from selling feeder insects to go diving for tasty lionfish and other prized underwater game. With his symbiote he didn’t need a wetsuit, fins, or dive mask for seeing underwater and could stay where the fish he hunted were for much longer. J’s symbiote formed an organic dive mask and organic fins when he dove and enabled him to stay underwater for hours at a time without scuba gear by storing oxygen which it released into his bloodstream while he was underwater.
“Congratulations, Luke,” the Rag and Bone Man said, his back to the far wall of the main room.
“You don’t know what it’s like. You have perfect hair.”
Then he picked up another piece and positioned it and I saw that the whorls and rings in the wood looked like tattoos. He lowered the saw blade and blood poured forth, splattering on the ground and streaming down the driveway to the street.
They started to run into the building. “Where’s Andrews now?”
it looked up at its father to see those eyes, those eyes of approval, but to its horror, saw nothing. Just the millions of stars that it had created. That it was. She was ripped out of her thoughts by a tap of a stranger. She turned around to see itself, smiling. “What are you staring at Hannah?” it asked herself.
As I said, though, we would check in on the kids three times per week, generally each Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday, weather permitting. And, of course, each kid received a satellite phone for if they needed help or were ready to tap out. We’d do the same for Adam, of course, and debated checking in on some every couple days since he brought so few items.

Collin: So I opened the door, welcomed him into my home, he stumbled around mumbling something about a group of vultures abducting peoples pets. He then opened my pantry and took my last can of peaches. He asked me for a can opener but before I could even process what had happened, he shoots the can!
After walking down the hallway, he immediately realized that this area of the hospital was not kept up as nicely as the rest.  Dust covered the floor and a faint putrid smell filled his nostrils. Sure, this section wasn’t visited as often, but it should still be treated the same by maintenance. Shawn had just stepped passed the fifth room when the lights flickered. From outside he heard a loud crash of thunder just before the lights went out completely. It only took a few seconds before they came back on, but they were much dimmer now. Must be the backup generator. 
I guess, at that point in my life , I was pretty bloody lonely. I figured there was only a 50-50 chance you’d eat me and the other 50 was that someone wanted to talk with me. Kid priorities don’t make sense to me either these days.
“Hey, hey, hey…” he said in a hushed tone.
I left my office at 5 PM as usual, and walked across the parking lot to my car. I got in, started it up, and checked my rear view mirror. Standing there was a man. It was, unmistakably, David Franklin. I turned my head and looked out the back window. He was still there. He opened his mouth and there inside was endless darkness. The world grew silent, and I watched, unable to move, as he lifted his only arm and pointed a finger at me.
PHONE: …
It had been six months since the accident. I remember because Elizabeth was helping me sign my name in our daughter Jenny’s birthday card. Slowly she guided by hand, helping me create some legible signature rather than the scribbles of a child in kindergarten, the best that I was able to manage with such little practice. It seems that when one loses a limb, it’s quite likely to be the dominant one. For me, it was the right.
“All I have out here is ‘extended’,” she said. “I got no bars.”
There was bright moonlight over the snowless landscape, but we dressed the thing and carried it home between us through the deserted streets and meadows, as we had carried a similar thing one horrible night in Arkham. We approached the house from the field in the rear, took the specimen in the back door and down the cellar stairs, and prepared it for the usual experiment. Our fear of the police was absurdly great, though we had timed our trip to avoid the solitary patrolman of that section.

“Please, save the genocidal bullshit for the ICC, Sayyid. I don’t care what you think about the Kurds. I want to know how you, seemingly an intelligent man, could mutilate people like that? How does that not sicken you to your core?”
My next class was in another room.
When she looked back at him he was staring at her, disbelief apparent on his face due to her overreaction. Finally, as the elevator door opened she hurriedly walked to the nearest restroom. Her palms covered her hot-red face.
“I’m sorry, Peg,” he told her painted face.
Rukia went quiet again and Dimitri considered her words before asking, “So what you’re saying, Kanagi, is that if the Ariane never made lift-off then they’re not going to let the Daedalus board the station?”
I crawled off the escalator, enduring days of stupid expressions on the commuters’ faces. I crawled a few feet to a concrete bench and curled up next to it, trying to find a position to lessen the pain in my shoulder. Then my problem with time got worse. Impossibly worse.
Panic began to take over my body, as my limbs froze and my blood went cold.
T E C H M I C T I X N E Q U I
Collin: Let’s just say it costs more than my house.
A hand grips my shoulder. It’s my sister.
You told me you didn’t know.
I could feel the engines of the ship scream to life as the heads-up display flickered in around me, my hands grasping the control yokes with the kind of sweat that only drips when you’re afraid. All the stories ran loose in my mind, pilots throwing up their liquified organs, faces warped with all the fear and pain of a thousand lifetimes, but the death of our race was as sure as my own mortality. This was my moment. Glory or death – that’s what they tell you, until the day that you realize it was never a choice. These were our final stories, and they had to matter; not to the universe, but to us. We will die in the fires of war. Amphetamines surging through my veins, I screamed as loud as I could as I saw the tracks ahead of me flare with electricity, my knuckles white upon the controls.
Ted pulled off his hood, revealing a mousy face with a dark, soaked mop. A peculiar bald spot took up a significant portion of the skin behind his right ear until he abruptly swept his hair over to cover it. They both rode the elevator in silence. This was the first time Jon had actually seen Ted without a hat or a hood or the cover of night. He’d always obscured himself when he was outdoors, but not now. In spite of observing Ted as kind and harmless, seeing him in this light gave Jon an uneasy feeling. Ted’s skin was weathered, but different from the tanned, hardened homeless men that lined 34th and Bellvue. Ted’s skin was worse for wear, sure, but it had a translucent quality that almost made him shimmer in the fluorescents.
“Then why don’t I ever see anyone?”
She was gone. The apartment was empty – save the cat, Apollo, who walked around yelling as soon as I came in the door, his tail twitching, bright green eyes level and dispassionate like always.
Before I left, I had to make it look like he slipped on ice. Since it was winter at the time, I poured water right at Ellis’ feet, knowing it would freeze within minutes. Next, I took what was left of my bat and hit the side mirror four times to make it look like Ellis hit his head on it after he slipped. Finally, I gathered all nineteen splinters of my bat and went home. I was thrilled to no longer have to worry about Ellis interrupting my counts. My excitement, however, didn’t last very long.
The phone rings. I wake up and ignore the call, you know the drill. I run to my daughter and wake her up. Only one thing matters today. I run to the car with her and strap her into her seat.
“It’s a bit of a doozy, but I know you can do this. See… I like the way I feel when we’re together. But… there is kind of something really special I want.”
I felt something behind me. I spun around wildly but could barely even see my nose. I knew it was there, though. Regardless of how dark it was, I knew something was there. The hum grew louder, closer. It seemed to surround me, but I knew whatever was causing the noise was in front of me, inching closer. I took a step back; I had never felt that kind of fear. I can’t really describe true fear. I wasn’t even scared I was going to die; I was scared of what the alternative was. I was afraid of what this thing had in store for me. Then the lights flashed for a second and I saw it.
Coco: So… water?
“I’m joking,” I laughed. “I’m capable of handling myself. And if I do feel unsafe, I’ll just call a cab or something.” Dennis sighed and gave me a playful nudge before we went our separate ways.
“Whatever,” I said. “Let’s just forget about it. It’s fine.”
“Go hide and I’ll count!” I’d say, and she would swing her little legs as fast as she could get away. One day, I thought I heard her go out the front door, and I had told her that was against the rules. “Sarah-Beth,” I yelled, “you better not be cheatin’!” I heard a girl scream, and I had thought that maybe she had tripped or something. So, I ran out to go find her.
Drink this, it’ll help you relax.
I felt like garbage, like dirt. I felt the way he had always made me feel, for as long as I could remember now. And meekly I just mumbled that I would do it, that I would agree to spending a night with Ms Kismet.
I threw open the blinds allowing the city lights to pour in. But that did nothing to calm me down.
“Well you don’t look like you’ve forgotten it,” said Keaton. “Billy? Have you forgotten?”
III.
The voices, it seemed, were coming from Dennett. Where before the voices were low enough that we thought maybe even we were a bit crazy for even thinking they were voices, now it was clear. As Dennett would speak to the camera, the other voices were talking at the same time, but were not exactly intelligible, at least not at first. We figured maybe there’s a chance this guy is just duping us with some kind of ventriloquist-like act, looking for his 15 minutes of fame. Or maybe he was legitimately crazy, and was having some type of psychological event. Watching the tape became more and more distracting, so much so that we started simply writing him off as a participant. We’d still do medical checks, including a new mental health check that he passed each time, but we wouldn’t dedicate as much time to editing his footage as we would some other contestants.
Gettin’ closer to the pen, we could see that some of the hogs were out, and the ones that weren’t, were tryin’ to climb there way over the fence. Even the nice ones, ones that I had named ran away from me when we got close, lookin’ at me like I was a jackal. I tried to pull my arm out of Sarah-Beth’s grip, so I could try to corral the spooked pigs, but she held me even tighter. She said we needed to worry about June first. I was worried about June. I was worried about the pigs too, and Sarah-Beth and all. I was worried about everyone and everything at that point. I was the responsible one.
I rolled my eyes and went into the side yard to make my call.
“Come on, Peter. Think with your peter.” Keaton and Billy got a kick out of this one, and Peter seemed to fight off a laugh, as well.

“There aren’t,” Chris said. “Trust me, man. I’ve been down that road. You don’t fuck women. That’s the thing the Chads don’t understand. They fuck you. Honestly, you’re much better off without them. Trust me, man.”
After a short time of exploring the Oklahoma territory where they were forced to go, a group of Native Americans stumbled upon a mysterious plant while hunting. This plant looked like a gnarled tree root, with so many twists and turns within its seemingly fragile length that one could barely tell it was not one solid object. The mottled green and brown color stood out against the yellow grasses that made up the floor of the Oklahoma Crosstimbers. The young tribesmen thought little of it, seeing as they had not had much time to grow accustomed to the plants and creatures of their new home. They scrutinized it. Eventually, they decided to uproot the plant, and bring it back to their elders. They all agreed that was the simplest, and wisest idea, but one tribesman was wary of the plant. He understood more about the laws of nature than his other group members. He was the chieftain’s son, after all. So, he told the men to wait, but they were already reaching for the plant together to uproot it. They all put their hands anywhere that they could get a grip, and began to pull. Suddenly roots exploded from around the plant, bursting through the earth like a knife through freshly tanned deer skin. The impact knocked the chieftain’s son off of his feet and sent him sprawling in the dirt a few feet away from the carnage, unconscious. The roots formed a net around the men and tightened slowly. Within seconds, the men were completely obscured from view.
That’s exactly why I’m not going to.
Excited to look out into the rain and possibly see another human being, I quickly walked over to the alcove, finding the large thin glass window. Rain washed down it, as with the front door’s window, but I could open this one. I reached a hand out to slide it open, but hesitated. I had the strangest feeling that if I opened that window, I would see something absolutely horrifying on the other side. Everything’s been so odd lately… so I came up with a plan, and I came back here to get what I needed. I don’t seriously think anything will come of it, but I’m bored, it’s raining, and I’m going stir crazy. I came back to get my webcam. The cord isn’t long enough to reach the third floor by any means, so instead I’m going to hide it between the two soda machines in the dark end of my basement hallway, run the wire along the wall and under my door, and put black duct tape over the wire to blend it in with the black plastic strip that runs along the base of the hallway’s walls. I know this is silly, but I don’t have anything better to do…
Needless to say, my life changed forever. But Karen was always the one constant I had. We met in college, and I immediately knew she was different. Special. She treated me like a human being, and I was drawn to that.
The ship is forty percent operational right now but the MES operational machine is still out. It would have been able to perform the surgery needed to save Mr. Cummings. We decided, as a crew, that one of us needed to put him out of his misery. After some uncomfortable bickering, I volunteered. I tried to make it as quick and painless as possible, holding a pillow down over his face until he was no longer…
It started with the camera sitting down across from Tracer in a coffee shop. No other patrons were visible, and she had a dreamy look in her eyes.
“Oh, fuck,” I said as I looked into the sky. This is bad. This is way worse than Eyes.
Kids in the auditorium with us started getting sick, just like I predicted. It started with heavy wheezing as they struggled to get air into their lungs. Their faces turned pasty and blotchy, and they shivered violently like leaves in a high wind. Friends of the sick kids tried to shield them from the teachers, but they couldn’t hide the inevitable vomit and blood. Teachers grabbed the sick ones by the elbows and marched them out – to where, we didn’t know. Katie and I huddled in a corner. At some point, I realized I was crying, but couldn’t remember when I had started.
“We both know where he is. But you can’t go there. If you do, you’ll regret it.” He sat down next to Kent and looked him in the eyes. “Your son isn’t coming back, and you won’t be able to rescue him.” His words were painful to hear but they slowly settled in Kent’s mind, becoming a sort of comfortable truth. Still, he tried as hard as he could not to believe.
“Yeah, but human beings need science in order to tell when it’s about to earthquake,” I sighed.
I thought it was odd that I couldn’t see her through the camera I hid between the two soda machines. I figured that it was bad positioning, like when I couldn’t see out the front door. I should have known. I should have known! After the knock, I yelled through the door jokingly that I had a camera between the soda machines, because I was embarrassed myself that I had taken this paranoia so far. After I did that, I saw her image walk over to the camera and look down at it. She smiled and waved.
“What did his friends look like?” I asked.
“I don’t think the call’s going through.”
“Must have,” she replied. “Open the door, John.”
So I wait for the train. So I can throw myself under it. When it finally hits me, I will experience the pain of being ripped to pieces for centuries until finally, the light of life leaves my brain, and my experience ends.
And I realised we weren’t alone in that room.
Our marriage was a wreck. We fought often, mainly over bills and typical relationship issues, but several fights began from me pointing out her actions, her weird humor of pretending to eat me. She would ask me why I chose her, why I couldn’t accept her flaws. It was a vicious cycle. I grew severely depressed, and Karen ended up quitting her job. She told me that she needed time at home to focus on herself.
“Do you really not want to tell me even that?” I asked.
The orb swiveled around and I swear it looked right at me. The head with the mouth moved down towards me, extending on the neck as it came down toward me, almost bending completely backwards to reach where I was underneath it. While it was doing that, one of the tentacled heads reached around from the side, like it was trying to close me in.
For the next two years, we spent most of our free time together. Most of the time, we talked. You’d tell me an aspect of your life and how you lived.
The tape went to static for a few moments and I thought it was over. I was wrong. Red light spilled out of the screen as the picture returned, bringing with it an agonized chorus of screams and howls of agony. On the screen was my brother.
I stayed hunched below the windows listening for any sound, watching for shadows, holding my breath. It felt like I was motionless for hours. Finally I allowed myself a deep inhale through my nose, I could feel a rush in my brain as the fresh oxygen made its way through my body. I was exhausted. I’d been awake for well over twelve hours, it’s been a few days since I had anything close to a decent meal, and although it was still dark out, the warm dry air of the city had drained me. The adrenaline that had kept me awake through the early hours of the night while I hid from the beast was finally releasing me from its grasp. My body was heavy, my eyes no longer wanted to focus. I knew I was passing out, and all the fear in me at that moment wouldn’t be able to keep me awake any longer.
“This is Cecelia Bowman,” he replied. I stared at the photo. The name sounded familiar to me. The officer continued. “She’s a student that went missing a couple of weeks ago.”
“Now, Luke…” The man rose to his feet slowly taking his coat off and revealing a small cloth bag underneath which had been resting over his shoulder. The bag rattled as the man swung it several times under Luke’s face. Luke could only get a pacing view of the inside of the bag but by now he knew what it was filled with – bones. He remembered in all too much detail the stories, the same stories that had led him down this ill-fated path.
Shawn forced a fake chuckle. “No, no I’m fine. Just, uh, felt sick. Didn’t want to barf on the floor, so I ran outside.”
When we ran out of tears, Sarah-Beth laid her head down on my lap, lookin’ at me like it was all a bad dream. “Did it get Junie?”
In preparation for being sealed in the chamber again, the subjects were connected to an EEG monitor and had their restraints padded for long term confinement. To everyone’s surprise, all three stopped struggling the moment it was let slip that they were going back on the gas. It was obvious that at this point all three were putting up a great struggle to stay awake. One of the subjects that could speak was humming loudly and continuously; the mute subject was straining his legs against the leather bonds with all his might, first left, then right, then left again for something to focus on. The remaining subject was holding his head off his pillow and blinking rapidly. Having been the first to be wired for EEG most of the researchers were monitoring his brain waves in surprise. They were normal most of the time but sometimes flat lined inexplicably. It looked as if he were repeatedly suffering from brain death, before returning to normal. As they focused on paper scrolling out of the brainwave monitor only one nurse saw his eyes slip shut at the same moment his head hit the pillow. His brainwaves immediately changed to that of a deep sleep, then flatlined for the last time as his heart simultaneously stopped.
Mark was still looking around as he heard a click from behind him.  He turned to see that the large man had just engaged a deadbolt on the front door.  The man saw the look on Mark’s face and said, “oh, I hope that doesn’t bother you.  We sometimes get strange people trying to wander in late at night.”  The man’s voice was strangely high, almost feminine, which was an odd juxtaposition to his intimidating frame.  Mark was no whelp himself, but this man was at least six inches taller and probably outweighed him by 50 pounds.  “Not that you’re strange,” the man continued, “I didn’t mean to imply that.  You get lost in the storm, huh?”
Or didn’t see it. My shadow wasn’t there. I didn’t have time to scream. I ran as fast as I could to the other door and flung myself without thinking into the room beyond.
He dropped Angie’s arms and went back to his room.
The bodies had to be exceedingly fresh, or the slight decomposition of brain tissue would render perfect reanimation impossible. Indeed, the greatest problem was to get them fresh enough—West had had horrible experiences during his secret college researches with corpses of doubtful vintage. The results of partial or imperfect animation were much more hideous than were the total failures, and we both held fearsome recollections of such things. Ever since our first daemoniac session in the deserted farmhouse on Meadow Hill in Arkham, we had felt a brooding menace; and West, though a calm, blond, blue-eyed scientific automaton in most respects, often confessed to a shuddering sensation of stealthy pursuit. He half felt that he was followed—a psychological delusion of shaken nerves, enhanced by the undeniably disturbing fact that at least one of our reanimated specimens was still alive—a frightful carnivorous thing in a padded cell at Sefton. Then there was another—our first—whose exact fate we had never learned.
He pointed his gun at the remaining subject, still restrained to a bed as the remaining members of the medical and research team fled the room. “I won’t be locked in here with these things! Not with you!” he screamed at the man strapped to the table. “WHAT ARE YOU?” he demanded. “I must know!”
I jumped out of the closet and shoved my Taser in to the man’s back. He collapsed instantly. As he did, I noticed he dropped something.
“Shine a light,” Keaton mumbled to Peter.
Bodies everywhere, covered in blood. The stench was already setting in. All of their eyes were open.
“Sorry, son, but the only carnival around here took off three days ago,” the gruff old man assured him.
“Hello?” I answer. “Hey, Michael how did Baby-girl’s appointment go today? You know how I worry about our princess,” she said to me. “A couple of shots and some tears. Nothing a little ice cream couldn’t fix. She’s in the 78th percentile for height and 74th for weight and doc says is doing beautifully.” I replied proudly.
“Well, of course. What else was I supposed to do?”
Part 1
“What…am…I?”
You held up your piece of paper where you’d marked out two names.
“Were you scared?”
“Peter. This is Maggie.”
My mother passed away from breast cancer three years ago when I was finishing my online computer science courses. Since then, I have managed to live on my own despite my condition. I live alone in the house out in the country, and support myself through online programming contracts. I only go out when absolutely necessary, to do things such as purchase groceries and medication, and thus I have almost no relationships with anyone else.
I read some more. The first two books of Churchill’s A History of the English-Speaking Peoples. Not exactly a light read. Frankly, I hated it. But given the hours of tedium it would take to go get another book off my bookshelf, just sitting on the couch and reading Churchill was better. Or at least less worse.
Someone was doing this to me, and if they wanted to keep on doing it, they would have to come for me again.
I stopped thinking. The world stopped spinning. What?
As Kent walked towards the center of the town, the dust clouds parted to reveal the central building. It was even more run-down than the rest of the village. Boards were hanging by singular nails; windows were broken—the roof nearly caving in. Kent didn’t notice at first but the house had an octagonal shape. He walked around it looking for a door, but there were only windows.
The fluorescent glow from the hall bounced around the entryway, and an image of a cluttered room slowly appeared as Jon’s eyes adjusted. The room seemed to be a hoarders paradise, although there wasn’t enough detail in the dark for Jon to tell what exactly the apartment was filled with.
* * * * * *
“Hey, I’m sorry.  I’ve been on the road since Flagstaff and I’m pretty damn lost.  It looks like you’re closing up, but I’d appreciate the hell out of it if I could get a cup of coffee and pointed in the right direction.”  He tried a smile, which probably looked ghastly on his face after so long on the road.
I’ve always been a terrible sleeper. I wake up often, from vivid dream worlds that I sometimes wish I could return to. My life is nothing special, I’m unemployed and disabled, and bored out of my mind most of the time. Anxiety induced insomnia is a dance I’ve danced since childhood, when I would stay up for days at a time with little better to do than stare out my window all night.
“What did they say?”
No, no, this is crazy. This is absolutely crazy. I need to calm down. This madness needs to end.
“What is it?” asked Keaton.
“No. Why would I be asking them where my son was if he was one of them?” Kent asked angrily.
“And another thing,” Jimmy said, cutting George off. “He had the wildest werewolf ears I’ve ever seen.” Georges puzzled expression beckoned Jimmy to elaborate. “Oh, it’s something my father used to say to customers with hair in or on their ears. Sal never had much ear hair before, but the other day his ears were a damn jungle.” Jimmy decided not to mention that he thought he’d seen some of the werewolf hairs twitching when he was sweeping them up later on. He had blamed it on drinking two more cups of coffee than usual that day.
“Past where the river bends,” Kent whispered. Was the sickly man insane? Or was he on to something? Kent decided that without hope he had nothing. The bend in the river gave him hope, so he followed it. As it got closer, he looked out at the forest and up to the mountains. A few houses were scattered here and there, but mostly it seemed that wherever he was headed would be quite a hike. He reached the river bend and sat down to mentally prepare himself for the journey, not knowing how far it would take him or where it would lead.
Static…
He was getting excited by her macabre sexual divinity.
“M-m-my room… im in my bed…i…im home…”

“Help me with her,” he said. He and Peter reached down and each grabbed me by the armpits.
So soon in fact that there was no point in running anymore.
“Jake, come on, you have to get up now.”
Once the body had been taken down, Frank showed up with the bottle he promised.
Mark closed his eyes and silently willed Roger to shut up.  His tongue hurt from where he bit it and his headache was coming back.  All he wanted was to eat in peace.
Again he touched her thigh, but this time he didn’t pull away. Gently, he ran his fingertips up her hip and toward her crotch. With the other hand, he pulled her muscled legs apart.
“Why do you look so calm!? Don’t you even know what’s going on?!” he answered, looking jittery. Every few seconds he would take a look to his left towards his door, then immediately in the other direction out his window, like he was paranoid.
Collin: Yes, every hour for five days until finally, the sheriff showed up unannounced at my door.
“Where are you?” she asked.
Except now, he was hungry.  He knew that he had the apple in his backpack, but he didn’t want to eat it.  Jake enjoyed apples, but if he ate the one in his backpack, then he wouldn’t have one if the school bus happened to come by right then, and he didn’t want to go to his first day of school unprepared.  Besides, he was finally getting restless after sitting here all day.  He turned around on his knees and shuffled off of the couch to make his way to the kitchen.  As he walked through the doorway, he saw his parents sitting at the small, round table, watching the news on the portable black and white television that had permanent residence on the counter.  His mom had a lit cigarette in her hand, forgotten, and his dad was holding a half-empty bottle of beer.  There was an empty glass on the table near his mom.  Neither were looking at him.
“EMS took her as I was calling you. She’s at the ER now, I’m sure she’ll be fine, but Mildred got her right in the cheek. My God you won’t believe the blood.”
“Do not come home after dinner tonight. Do not come home after dinner tonight. DO NOT COME HOME AFTER DINNER TONIGHT.”
Everything was going just fine, I was rewatching an episode of friends while I enjoyed my second glass of wine.
Julian: Hello! I’m your host Julian and welcome back to another night of “Tales from Port-land”! Grab your coffee, get cozy, relax, and enjoy another week’s roundup of news. But before we get into this week’s news I would like to take some time to introduce our newest member to Port-land’s News team, Collin Corset! Would you care to introduce yourself, Collin?
“He’s paying us a generous sum to stay here, so you best treat him with respect.”
* * * * * *
The tale of the Eyelid Man is still young. Based on the unfortunately minimal amount of information I can find on what I saw, my experiences with it have been one of a kind. I am almost certain that the majority of you are in no harm what so ever from him. I am not writing this to tell you how you or your loved ones may be in danger, but rather to officially document my story. Should you encounter the thing, very little can be done to save you from my fate. You may stop reading this any time you like, but the only thing you need to know is this: The Eyelid Man is real. I know he is. He is with me right now.

“Ready?” he asked, firing the gun before she had time to reply.

J slept through a rainy and stormy day and woke up twelve hours later. Once a mere 140 pounds and five feet three inches, he was now 250 pounds of muscle and eighteen inches taller, but his forever stuck-on living muscle suit weighed 500 pounds! J effectively weighed 750 pounds with the unsettling way in which the accursed thing was now bonded to him. The symbiote had merged with his flesh on a molecular level and every cell in his body was now half-symbiote. Even his DNA was half-symbiote. It was impossible to tell where J ended and the symbiote he was literally stuck with began. Somehow J knew this instinctively. To top it all off, his bones were gone, replaced by muscle, which was abundantly clear when he reached for a light switch twenty feet away and saw that he now had super-stretch powers in addition to the spider powers and organic web-shooters and super-webs. J’s now-excellent vision meant his glasses were no longer a necessity and his once brown eyes were now glowing green ones. He would never need a flashlight or lantern again because he could see everything in the dark without one. “No surprises there – unfortunately. At least I don’t need glasses anymore”, he said to himself. J knew he also now had immense super-strength, invulnerability, and regeneration abilities. He could lift a 1000-ton boulder with little effort and was incredibly super-stretchy, practically indestructible, and had super spider powers and super-webs and regeneration abilities, but he was now the parasite, completely dependent on the symbiote to support his body now that he didn’t have bones. J could harden, soften, and expand at will and withstand fire, ice, and extreme heat and cold as well. “I’m a superpowered freak of nature and to add insult to injury, I look like one and I know it. This is a nightmare!”
MR. GROVEWOOD: No need. Why waste the material on transports when I can beam you down instantaneously? I have two vessels here, ripe for the taking.
Only four of the six officers cared enough to roll out of bed to aid in the search. The first evening yielded no results. Shawn knew the woman couldn’t have gotten far. She was old and brittle and walked with a cane for crying out loud. The search during the second evening was composed of local PD and volunteers who had more luck. Shawn received a call Wednesday night not two hours after his chaotic shift. They found her.
Jimmy didn’t have another customer after George left. He’d had plenty of boring days like today. Waiting for people to drag themselves into the barbershop for a haircut was just part of the job. He tossed back three aspirin, and washed them down with a swig of old, burnt coffee. He decided to go see Sal if he could just get his headache to subside a bit. He’d been feeling it slowly ramping up all day, and now it was making it hard to think straight.
When I opened the door to room 2 I couldn’t see three feet in front of me. It was completely filled with a gray mist that smelled like rubber. I guessed there had to be some fog machine in here, and it must have been pumping this stuff for hours. There were no windows in the last room, so the ventilation must have been terrible. I walked slowly forward and let out a small shriek. I had bumped straight into a large robotic Jason Vorhees. His eyes flashed red and the knife in his hand went up and down in a jerky stabbing motion. My heart was racing, and if anyone was with me I would have felt incredibly embarrassed. I covered my mouth and madI grew up in a tiny town in Vermont. Tiny in terms of population, not size—there were huge sprawling farms and wooded areas, but almost no people. More cows than people, which is standard for a lot of small towns in Vermont. So, clearly, not the most fun in the world for a kid who was sick of freezing winters and awful, balmy summers surrounded by boring Vermonters that didn’t have many kids my age.
As time went on, SpriteShark did upload more regularly. The videos were almost always the same. Meeting up with Tracer on some sort of short ‘date’ that would last a couple of minutes at most, and a healthy dose of smut. It was always Tracer. I never saw anyone else in his videos. Once I figured out that they were being uploaded every two weeks, I started to anticipate them. I got excited for them and waited for the post to be made.

Automated Voice: End of transcript.
Our parents had passed away by this point and we had no contact with the rest of the family. Without my brother I’d be all by myself…his overbearing presence in my life had prevented me from making any real friends and the thought of trying to build a life for myself BY myself was one that just terrified me.
The fireflies shifted. They came over to me, and left you.
“Sarah-Beth.”
And for the first time in my life, I prayed.   “Please, God,” I sobbed. “Let it be quick.”
“Jim,” she said.
Julian: It’s okay, Collin, you can take your time.
Now that you’ve seen the picture and discovered the consequences, whatever shall you do?
“No? Not even your daughter’s?” Amani looked up, murder in her eye.
I crawled to my knees and looked over the cushions at her. She was sitting scrunched in the corner of the couch and she was crying.
I just needed her by my side through it all. She agreed and made me promise that I would never do anything as crazy and irrational because of it. I promised halfheartedly. I didn’t sleep in the same bed as her for many nights after I returned. I stayed in the guest room for those nights and made very certain that I locked the doors and the windows before going to bed. Everything was improving, but I knew better than to let that fool me again. In the coming days, I would force myself outside to crowded places and to interact with other people. I was very skeptical of how normal everything had become again. In fact, seeing those eyes on my girlfriend was the very last time I had seen those eyes on anyone.

“I’m starving.”
I nodded and opened my mouth. “50, 49, 48, 47…”

Luke was a factory worker who had moved to London a few months prior to the first attacks. Luke’s wife Gwen had not made the move to London with him. They had decided it would be best that he would go first to secure stable work and accommodation while Gwen would remain in their home town of Godstone.
“You had nothing to add to the conversation, Hillman?”  She smiled despite the grave situation; the man never ceased to amaze her.
“Patrick, are you at home right now? Do you see those people outside my house? They’ve been standing out there for hours.” It had only been minutes. An exaggerator as always.

“How can I trust something that just had my entire crew slaughtered like sheep?!” Mason’s temper wavered in light of this new information.
“Ten hours.  I figure if you’ve been driving from Flagstaff, that’s about ten hours on the road, inn’t?”
Mark looked up.  Roger was facing him, leaning back against the range, grin in its rightful place on his face.  His thumbs were hooked into the top of his jockey shorts like a cowboy would hook them into his belt.  The weight had pushed them down slightly, and Mark saw the uppermost tufts of dark pubic hair creeping out from behind the elastic.  He stopped chewing.
Upon ending this report, I would like to make it of note that I have noticed things that are out of place that weren’t before. My room is mine, but I have not been in this one before. Little details are slightly different, but most of all, one piece of evidence is glaringly obvious.
While we weren’t offered the classified information that would help us understand the nature of the colony’s establishment that I was denied during my initial research, we were told that the emergency response team found that the station was left abandoned. To my knowledge, I have only experienced or read about a handful of CFA cases that were ruled as “colony abandonment”. Most had to do with external factors such as raids, while two were crew paranoia. In the moment, I was trying my best to rationalize the bizarre circumstances my team was faced with. A Foreign attack, internal crime or mutiny, and force of nature events were ruled out because of the fact that the station was reported to be in pristine condition. No internal or external damage was noticed by the emergency response team, and all equipment had even been left in places by the crew that was consistent with members dropping everything they were doing in the moment they deserted the station. Crew paranoia was a factor I was not going to rule out, because panic may have been a reason for leaving equipment out. But certain systems and programs needed regular weekly servicing or they break down in different ways. This could cause power outages or system failures, which can lead infrastructure decay or external damages on parts like solar flaps. It was puzzling, but I was confident that we were going to uncover details that would explain the desertion.
I lit a cigarette in the cab and took the tooth out again and looked at it and wondered why I hadn’t said anything to Richard, why I was already thinking about keeping it from my girlfriend. It was a weird occurrence, for sure, conversation-worthy at least. Hey, Jim, what’s that in your hand? Oh, this, Richard? A fucking tooth I found in my pocket. What’s up with that? Laugh, end conversation. Maybe he could’ve helped me figure out how it had gotten there.
“No.”
But not only did I not know how I had lost it, I also didn’t know why, or even who would want to do something like that to me.
As I drew closer to the front of the line, I suddenly felt a hand squeeze mine and practically jumped out of my skin.
“HELP ME!”
The call came at half past 8. Storm clouds had blown in from the coast, and the chief of police wanted to get the defendant assessed as quickly as possible. As the stars were slowly blotted out of existence, the transport vehicle backed up and two armed guards stepped out from either side. Doors flung open as the man was wheeled in, leather belts adorned every limb, and a muzzle was strapped to the lower half of his face. Most striking were his eyes. As I held the door open for the guards, he turned to look as he passed. His pupils were shrunk… or maybe his eyes were open as wide as possible. But in them I saw a look of hollow fear, as though the being in front of me was simply a husk, scared for every waking moment of his life.
“Yes?” he croaked at me, his jaw splitting open and there was no tongue and no throat, only an inky darkness inside.
I remember how we kissed that night. I remember your hands gripping my hair. I remember that kiss.
Craig Brockwell was found by his wife, dead on their living room floor, a plastic garbage bag tied off around his neck, and an empty bottle of Xanax on the kitchen counter, next to a suicide note.
“God damn it! A witness for what?”
It looked up at the tear, widening as more of its kind started clamoring at it. That’s when it let out a sound that will haunt me until I die. It was like an explosion mixed with the screams of a thousand dying people. As it roared, the clamoring at the tear became more frenzied. It finished, and started walking my way.
Billy simpered as he pondered for a moment. “Truth or dare?” he asked.
The pair walked out together and made it to the lot before Shawn realized they were walking alone.
Estimated reading time — 19 minuteI must have been six or seven when I lived in Lebanon. The country was ravaged by war at the time, and murders were common and frequent. I remember during a particularly vicious era, when the bombings rarely stopped, I would stay at home sitting in front of my television watching a very, very strange show.
It didn’t matter if he was seen. He’d take them to his house and drag them inside. Usually, an Amber Alert came up at that point. He didn’t care. Like I said, it wouldn’t matter soon.
The soil was tender, and it took half an hour to make the grave.
As I walked in, an overwhelming feeling of deja vu swept over me. The hum of the flickering fluorescent lights, the white tile flooring, the muted beige paint that colored the walls. I noticed that there was a TV mounted in the corner, a smaller flatscreen, that was playing a short PowerPoint slideshow on a loop of ads and events that were being held by the clinic. I passed the empty waiting area— a small area of the main room with magazines, children’s playthings and blue cushioned chairs— and approached the woman at the front desk. She was sitting in her blueish gray office chair, looking at a spreadsheet on the same Windows XP desktop they’ve had since 2008. There was a sign-in sheet on the counter in front of me.
Then things gradually started to change when Emma hit her teens. She became unruly and disobedient. She began to run around with what he had decided were a bad crowd. He could not believe it was his Emma’s fault, not even when he had visits from the police about her shoplifting. He even decided it must be something he was doing wrong; he could never think ill of his precious Emma. She would scream obscenities at him and show him the finger, but he still thought it was his doing. Years before, she was grateful for the gifts he gave her, now, she expected things; throwing temper tantrums until she got what she wanted.
If you think you could’ve easily moved past it, then good for you. You’re a better, stronger person than I could ever hope to be, but in my case?
“Yessirree, five was mighty fine.  I didn’t know it then, but it was the best time, now that I think about it.”
After my shower, I went to the kitchen to make something to eat. I descended the stairs and turned into the family room; what I saw would be forever burned into my mind, however. My parents were lying on the ground, naked and covered in blood. They were mutilated to near-unidentifiable states. Their limbs were removed and placed next to their bodies, and their heads were placed on their chests facing me. The most unsettling part was their expressions. They were smiling, as though they were happy to see me. I vomited and sobbed there in the family room. I didn’t know what had happened; they didn’t even live with me at the time. I was a mess. Then I saw it: a door that was never there before. A door with a large eight scrawled on it in blood.
Six teeth. Like the one that’d been in my pocket. Small, even looking. I stared at them and then went to the bathroom and kneeled and threw up – thinking of mornings hungover doing the same thing. I did that until my stomach was empty.

The figure, whoever it was, whatever it was, retreated from the door. I walked back to my own apartment, probably looking as shaken up as Brian had looked the night before.
The next few days went on as normal as they possibly could be. I did all my Counts without any interruptions, which was a wonderful and new feeling. The people in the office mourned over Ellis, but I didn’t care; he was just one less person I had to worry about counting. Everything was going great until five days after the murder. On that day, I heard a knock on my door while getting ready for worked. I rushed downstairs, counting them as I went, and opened the door. Three cops greeted me with a pair of handcuffs.
It was an ugly old thing yet Amber’s hands grasped it eagerly. It was made of a material as coarse as burlap and while it was probably originally white it was now frayed and dirty. Oddly, its stringy black hair was surprisingly smooth – probably horse, or maybe human. Tattered and featureless, the doll would have been completely unremarkable if not for the strange lump on its side. Unlike lumps caused by misshapen stuffing, this one was stitched onto the doll intentionally as if a tumor was growing from within it.
She agreed to come with him. They rode Caleb’s truck and drove off to a somewhat secluded lake. Like a gallant knight, he escorts her out of the vehicle. Leads her to a beautiful spot. He puts his jacket on the ground for her to sit on. They picnic by the waters.
On an improvised dissecting-table in the old farmhouse, by the light of a powerful acetylene lamp, the specimen was not very spectral looking. It had been a sturdy and apparently unimaginative youth of wholesome plebeian type—large-framed, grey-eyed, and brown-haired—a sound animal without psychological subtleties, and probably having vital processes of the simplest and healthiest sort. Now, with the eyes closed, it looked more asleep than dead; though the expert test of my friend soon left no doubt on that score. We had at last what West had always longed for—a real dead man of the ideal kind, ready for the solution as prepared according to the most careful calculations and theories for human use. The tension on our part became very great. We knew that there was scarcely a chance for anything like complete success, and could not avoid hideous fears at possible grotesque results of partial animation. Especially were we apprehensive concerning the mind and impulses of the creature, since in the space following death some of the more delicate cerebral cells might well have suffered deterioration. I, myself, still held some curious notions about the traditional “soul” of man, and felt an awe at the secrets that might be told by one returning from the dead. I wondered what sights this placid youth might have seen in inaccessible spheres, and what he could relate if fully restored to life. But my wonder was not overwhelming, since for the most part I shared the materialism of my friend. He was calmer than I as he forced a large quantity of his fluid into a vein of the body’s arm, immediately binding the incision securely.
Just so you know, I don’t regret that. Don’t get me wrong, kid power might have made me do it, but it sure as hell didn’t make the pain go away. It was one of the most painful experiences of my life.
So here he was, another year had passed around and again it was Father’s Day. Howard checked the temperature of the water in the bowl and draping the flannel over the edge picked it up. Making his way upstairs he shouldered open the door to Emma’s room, walked over to the chair next to the bed and sat down. After wetting and wringing out the flannel, Howard began to gently bathe the stumps just below the knees where Emma’s legs had once been. The legs that ran around with a bad crowd. He then began to bath the stumps just below the elbows, where the arms and hands had been . The hands that had given him the finger. As he bathed her he looked in to Emma’s eyes to see if there was any gratitude there. Her eyes had become a lot more expressive since the removal of her tongue, the tongue that had screamed profanities at him. All Howard saw were the cold eyes of burn in hell Brenda staring back at him sneer-fully. Draping the flannel over the bowl, Howard stood up and reaching in to his pocket withdrew a tape measure. Bending over Emma’s dismembered torso he began to measure her, smiled, straightened up and began to sing “daddies little sugar lump, four foot two from head to stump” At this point Howard was sure he saw laughter in Emma’s eyes, the hug was missing, but he thought, you can’t have everything.
So last year I didn’t do anything extraordinary.

I do remember being in the hospital for a very long time. I remember not speaking for months. I remember the police and the social workers sitting me down and explaining that one of the biology teachers apparently had a secret lab in his home and had cooked up this virus. No one knew why. No one had ever suspected something like that coming from him.
Sparrow’s badge was swiftly in her hand, but she didn’t lift it. She was transfixed with repulsion and mesmerized with a disturbed curiosity. She was expecting to see an engorged organ, or many vulgar tattoos traced around sweaty flab depicting obscene acts, or even a mat of grease that drizzled down to the genitals. There were none of these. The man didn’t even have a penis from what she could tell. What was hidden by the coat, though, was not that of an amused emasculate showing his sexless pride to the world, but something that was unsettling to even Sparrow’s polished mind.
She looked over at Dimitri who was sound asleep and found it remarkable that he could do so with such ease.  While they had specific sleep cycles that they were to try to adhere to, Laura had been unable to catch a single wink during her first four-hour shift.  There had been too much adrenaline and norepinephrine surging through her system to even make it possible; it felt like two too many double espressos.  She was in space!  Dreaming of this moment since she was Kevin’s age, it was the fruition of everything she had ever wanted growing up.  Her high-school yearbook quote was, “If I get to go to space, I will die happy” and she meant it.  Breaking through the cloud-line, leaving the atmosphere behind and delving into the incomprehensible vastness was like nothing she had imagined; and nothing like the simulations either.  It was a rush!  Giving birth to Kevin, marrying Mike, graduating to a gold-key NASA astronaut…these had been the defining moments in her life and now they all just seemed to pale by comparison.  She would leave that part out when relaying the story to her boys.
I quit my job. I wasn’t able to focus on anything except keeping people away. I saw so scared that, soon after, I stopped leaving the house altogether. My girlfriend was able to take care of us both for a while. I felt bad about putting so much pressure on her, but I didn’t know what else to do. I just needed time to get away from people. I thought it would work, but like everything else I tried, it didn’t. I occasionally looked out of a window to see that same stare plastered on some passing neighbor just outside my house. They just stood there for hours staring into my home. Most of their faces were usually expressionless; however, occasionally one would wear a devious grin that stretched across their entire face.
This caught my attention. “Ask her what she means by that.”
“Last weekend? No, no. The one last night.” But just as he said those words, Kent realized that he didn’t know how long he’d been unconscious.
Part 2: Voices
Julian: Last week you say? have you tried contacting the police?
“No, silly,” Mike corrected the boy.  “Tell your mom why you’re blowing out these candles.”
“I reckon from your reaction Luke that you know exactly who I am, don’t you?” The man said in a demanding voice prompting Luke to answer. The man now smiling swung the bag back onto his shoulder and kicked Luke’s face knocking him to his side.
* * * * * *
“I wasn’t planning to. Bloody travelers would probably beat up an old woman.”
“Some guys were telling me about out here,” Elliot spoke up.
“No, he committed suicide after he killed his family. Francis, you can’t examine a dead man. You know that, right?”
WRITTEN BY: N.S. Lewis
That page came to a close with his hypothesis which rested on the sense that the actual development would possibly be very difficult to guess owning to reasons pertaining to the strangeness of the event itself and therefore pontificating might not lead to any conclusions. Perhaps then – this was the specific hypothesis – what was to take place would be something by all means unheard of: for example, it remained a distinct possibility that one second after the end of his agony as he lay fallen on the concrete floor of the air-shaft, he would once again be back to his apartment, and maybe he’d then be looking at the empty air-shaft much in the same way he would have done one instant prior to his fall.
I lived in constant fear and apprehension, afraid that whoever is responsible for this could literally be any person I come across if I were to step outside.
Teddy tossed the knife and carried the rubber doll’s limp torso through the kitchen into the back yard.
“Oh, yea!” Kevin finally understood.  “This is the super-special cake that’s just for us.”
Kent wandered through town, up and down hilly dirt roads, looking for the police station. He kept recalling the waitress’s words, “Ain’t no police station here.” Was that really true? Occasionally, he’d find a remote cottage and ask the residents if they’d seen Brian, but none were any help and all without phones. Discouraged by his futile search, Kent knelt at the river’s edge to rinse his face. That’s when he noticed something significant: the river took a sharp turn near the horizon.
Throughout her teens she drank, she smoked, she skipped school and she stayed out late; sometimes she even ran away. On three separate occasions, the local police had brought her home after finding her passed out on a park bench or fighting at the mall or hanging out with the other cut-ups. Worst of all, she liked the wrong kind of boys.
My boss told me today that I should go home and sleep. I don’t look well. My eyes are dark hollows in my face, ringed by blood spots from all that vomiting. I’m dizzy from the lack of sleep. I refused. I’m scared to go home. I’m considering getting a realtor and just moving but then what would happen to the person that moved in? At least I know to stay the fuck away from the house across the street now.
“You know what to do!” Tracer said, upbeat as ever, ”Go on then. Do it, Jeremy. Let me in!”

“So are you going to tell me why life has gotten so crazy in the past day?” I asked him.
Julian: Well we have some updates for your listeners. The first update is about that shadowy figure at the mall. He appears to be on the move, and fast! Local physicists claim that he is projected to be coming towards this very news studio!
Brown hair, Tina’s shade.
Mark stopped chewing for a moment, displeased by the sudden reminder.  “Amber,” he said briskly, and resumed eating.
Julian: Oh! I’m so sorry, Coco, I didn’t mean to imply-
They should have electrocuted him. They should have fried him until his flesh melted and his hair burned.

She was grinning but her eyes weren’t. She was wearing clothes but they hung on her like on a mannequin. Her skin was olive, dark – in reality, she’d been so pale.
Julian: Yes Coco?
*
“You want to help me? Then tell me where my son is.”
“Yeah, sure.”
“What’s so funny?” I asked.
“What do you mean so what?”
Riding shotgun was Billy. He was short and rode the line between chubby and normal weight. He had blonde locks and one of those boyish faces, but boyish of the kind that chucks cherry bombs into the toilet because he wants to see what happens.
“Teddy, didn’t I tell you to take out the trash?” she hollered as the front door opened, slamming into the wall.
“More of a monster surveyor, if you will.”

The sickly man’s eyes grew wide, then he closed them tight. The patrons all paused for a moment, and continued their business. Kent waited for the man’s response but it never came.
The phone rings again and startles me. My heart springs to life thinking it might be my wife. Maybe her mom is calling to check on her, say that she misses us. That she lost her mind and wants to come back.
“Alright, Sara. That’s interesting. Can you tell me why it’s in the wrong spot?”
Not a single hole, or dent, had been made in the wall by my head.
The surviving three test subjects were heavily restrained and moved to a medical facility, the two with intact vocal cords continuously begging for the gas demanding to be kept awake…
It started off with Tracer laying on the bed, head propped up on her hands. She stared into her camera with an adoring smile. Her long legs stuck up behind her, and she reminded me of a stereotypical teenage girl. The camera seemed to be lying down beside her.
He laughed again. “I’m kidding, I’m kidding! Of course other people live here. The building’s almost completely full.”
The monitor winked and turned off. Mason whipped out his gun from its holster as the creatures lunged for him. He let off two shots before he was enveloped by the hellish monstrosities and screamed as they bore down on him like feral animals.
“Your… your apartment, I thought… I had the wrong number, I went to the wrong apartment and I—I—this woman, she… she…”
“N-no, this cant be happening!”
The journal used to belong to a mental patient, named Joey, who claimed to be a serial killer. He was locked up in an asylum when the police discovered his supposed victims never existed. He was ‘diagnosed’ with a need for attention, and shoved away.
I groaned and banged my head on my desk, then got up and found my coat. I was headed out the door when my editor caught me.
It was four years ago. I was sitting at my desk, head down, listening to the teacher rattling off names for attendance. The teacher called out a name I didn’t recognize, and a stranger’s voice answered behind me. Was there a new student?
CREDIT : Jacob Derin

NSFW / Trigger Warnings: The following story contains adult content not suitable for children, including extreme violence, death, murder, child abuse, sexual exploitation, rape, incest, and necrophilia. If you are under the age of 18, or do not wish to be exposed to realistic descriptions of such situations, do not proceed.
I gather up all of our things and head back to the room, Brynn finally settles down and snuggles into my shoulder. Her thumb’s in her mouth so I knew all was well in Brynn-ville. That ‘s one of her happy places. ‘Taking the thumb train to Brynn-ville,’ her mom used to say.
She loved that Richard Dawson guy.
The creation pondered the words of its father, and once realizing what those words meant, separated himself. God’s child soon became millions of creations, the cosmos. He looked up at his father and saw those eyes. No longer filled with resentment but now wide with excitement. This was all that his child ever wanted, yet it yearned for more. Never satiated it continued to create more, splitting itself into smaller and smaller beings, spreading itself as thin as possible. The universe, the galaxies, the planets, life.
Erica wanted to go to him but she didn’t like getting wet. Plus she did not think the lake was as clean she wanted it to be. She watched as he swims further away, her heart mildly stopping whenever Caleb did not pop out of the water quickly enough.
I dropped my cigarette in the tub and it sizzled and floated away. I stared, open-mouthed. From somewhere in my throat I heard a soft strangled cry and I splashed, drawing away from this thing wearing my woman’s skin.
A few hours later, I couldn’t tell how many, I managed to force myself awake. A nightmare had taken me, and I woke to the feeling of clammy palms and soaked clothes. Before I had time to properly comprehend what was going on, I heard a noise of what seemed to be an animal outside. I was on the second floor, so it was probably safe to look out my window. On the street below, I saw nothing out of the ordinary. A street lamp, moths, and a cat. The alleyway across the street was pitch black, as the cat began to walk through it. It stopped suddenly, back arched as it hissed, poised to attack something hiding in the shadows. Without warning, a hand reached out at the cat, grabbing it before it had the chance to run. The hand appeared webbed, with sickly green and blue scales. And… fins. That’s the best I can explain it.
There was there main line of communications, “Alpha”, which was the direct contact with their Mission Control at NASA in Cape Canaveral, Florida.  The had regularly planned interactions but it wasn’t completely uncommon for either side to relay messages outside of the scheduled check-ins.  “Beta” was a back-up com-channel which also linked to Mission Control in the unlikely scenario that the main line became compromised.   Once you got past the first two channels, you had a dozen more which were direct lines to the various space agencies’ Mission Controls around the planet.  Tango was so far down the list of probable contact that Laura had actually forgotten who it connected to, having not used it since the early days of training.  Not surprisingly, Dimitri knew immediately as he switched off the alarm and connected to the European Space Agency’s Mission Control in Darmstadt, Germany.
All she has now are memories of him. She remembered his expressive eyes, the little creases in the corners that appeared when he laughed. His lips that formed a half-grin when he talked, yet how earnestly they would shut firmly when it was her turn to speak. She loved those lips. And often she dreamed of how they would feel against her own.
Neither of them admitted to what happened in the hospital room that day. Rather they seemed like they didn’t really know what I was talking about. This didn’t change even as I started to take from them. I suppose that’s a bit odd, but I don’t really care anymore. They were too busy screaming to really say much anyway.
A knock on the door…
“Well,” still at a whisper; “it’s been nothing more than talk at this point but…well…I thought you should know.  It’s Alex and Nick… geez, I can’t believe I’m even having to say this but…they’ve been trying to convince the Commander that we shouldn’t let the Daedalus dock with Olympus.”
It wasn’t really a problem for me. Because of my mother’s treatment, my family couldn’t afford to go on any trips, and our house didn’t have heating anymore, so I was happy to spend my time with you.
* * * * * *
“Yeah, according to Sue the doctors don’t know what’s wrong with him. He just collapsed last night while playing bingo at the church. Oh, and get this; Carl’s son Kevin, the one with the exterminator business, disappeared the other day. Nobody’s seen hide nor hair of him in a few days.”

The mouth was the terrifying part. It was wide open, almost slack-jawed, and full of teeth. I don’t mean like a bit toothy smile like some kid who had just gotten their first adult teeth and wanted to show them off. This thing had rows of teeth. It looked like a shark almost with row after row of sharp, pointed teeth. They went around its entire mouth. Not just top and bottom, it had teeth on all sides, like a fucking garbage disposal for small planets.
Mark lowered his head, facing his food and trying to not encourage further conversation.  The food tasted good, and he didn’t want to taint it with thoughts of his family.  All he needed right now was to eat and get more coffee into him.  After that, get directions, and then leave this weirdo in the dust.  As the food and caffeine were hitting his bloodstream, his upper brain functions were creeping back toward normal levels, and he was realizing with renewed clarity that this was a strange situation.  He was hundreds of miles from anywhere he’d ever been, it was god knew how late at night, and he was sitting in a diner talking to a man with blood on his shirt and no pants.  Best to wrap this up and get back on track.  That would be just dandy with Mark.

Then I saw her in the bathroom doorway.
“What are you talking about? He was about this tall. You saw him go in. You asked if I was afraid of spiders!” Kent was furious now.
She put on a massive burst of speed and made it to the top just as “0!” was called. A few bullets whizzed by her ears, one coming uncomfortable close and clipping the top of her ear. She threw herself down the other side of the hill and collapsed into a heap.

“Well, what are you waiting for?” Keaton asked me. “Give the boy a kiss. Look at that face. Who wouldn’t wanna kiss that?” Keaton and Billy snickered.
“Okay. Could you please tell me, in as much detail as possible about the man known as ‘Tabib Al’alam?’”
* * * * * *
West and I had met in college, and I had been the only one to sympathise with his hideous experiments. Gradually I had come to be his inseparable assistant, and now that we were out of college we had to keep together. It was not easy to find a good opening for two doctors in company, but finally the influence of the university secured us a practice in Bolton—a factory town near Arkham, the seat of the college. The Bolton Worsted Mills are the largest in the Miskatonic Valley, and their polyglot employees are never popular as patients with the local physicians. We chose our house with the greatest care, seizing at last on a rather run-down cottage near the end of Pond Street; five numbers from the closest neighbour, and separated from the local potter’s field by only a stretch of meadow land, bisected by a narrow neck of the rather dense forest which lies to the north. The distance was greater than we wished, but we could get no nearer house without going on the other side of the field, wholly out of the factory district. We were not much displeased, however, since there were no people between us and our sinister source of supplies. The walk was a trifle long, but we could haul our silent specimens undisturbed.
Most nights, when I’d finish a stream, I’d retire to my bedroom with my phone. I had a pretty good selection of Rule 34 hentai. For the uninitiated, Rule 34 states that if something exists, there is porn of it. It’s something of an internet meme, but it does ring pretty true. I guess I’m not the only one into Tracer, since she’s pretty damn popular.
Luke’s body felt limp as the last of his adrenalin left his muscles and he felt himself begin to lose consciousness, the Rag and Bone Man left for a moment to go to the bedroom.
You’re almost there, Luke, he thought to himself.
One night, I confided in you that I was beginning to think you were a part of my imagination, Fight Club style. After all, what could you do to me that I couldn’t do to myself?
You’ll try to avoid sleeping but it’s no use. The twins make their way into your reality. They’re always there. At your home. At your place of work, or at school. You would fight back, but their visage appears in place of the faces of your loved ones. Eventually, you’ll hide yourself away from everyone, in an effort to avoid seeing these demonic children. It’s all in vain, however. You’ll see them in that millisecond of darkness when you blink. You’ll see them in reflections, and in your peripheral vision – you’ll see them everywhere. You can’t escape. You can consider suicide, even attempt it, but they won’t let you go so easily. That shotgun that you’ve got hidden in the closet? The revolver in the nightstand? Useless. How strange: they seem to be jammed, or missing a trigger. A cocktail of cold and flu and pain medications won’t help, either. It’s so very odd, indeed, how you just can’t seem to hold them down long enough for them to take effect.
“Gross,” chirps the right.
Julian: Okay, sheesh. Our next update comes from local scientist, Dr. Jane Romeriez. She claims that the purple liquid is comprised of two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen!
“Well, how do we resolve this, then?” I asked, losing patience.
“It’s from River Park,” she said.
For the most part, it was a completely normal relationship, typical of two young people in love, building a life together. During the day, it was easy to forget about the face altogether. It looked natural enough, and only in certain positions, in certain lights, was there ever any indication that it wasn’t natural.

A grinning figure, tall, gaunt, wearing a bathrobe with a massive chest wound with protruding ribs. No not ribs… fingers; big long fingers. Reaching, catching, clutching fingers.
“We all miss Mamma.”

I get up off the bed. “No one ever makes fun of you about anything.”
“How dare you!  You’re the only one allowed to have a drink in the evening?”
Back at the research offices, I could still hear and communicate with the research staff. But now verbal communication with anyone would be impossible. The effects of the drug were still intensifying.
I woke up the next morning and opened my window, bracing myself to see the creature towering above the city outside. To my relief, it wasn’t there. I can’t tell you just how relieved I was. The last thing I need is a psychotic break to put me out of commission.
NoEnd this way
“Really?”
A package came a few months ago. It had no stamp, no address and nothing written on it. Just a brown package, left on the doorstep of my brother’s place. I opened it up to find a video cassette inside, with a label on it that simply read ‘We make documentaries too’
I had no choice but to go back to my own apartment. I kept my eyes on the tenth floor for months. I confirmed with Brian a million times: it was apartment 1030. It was apartment 1030. He ran up the stairs, one flight, from apartment 1030. She had to be right below me. She had to be! I tried to forget apartment 1030. I tried to imagine I’d never been there. After a while, the thoughts became less and less frequent. Then they disappeared altogether, even when I’d look at the “ten” button on the elevator, I wasn’t filled with the pure, liquid, dread that I was months before.
At least I think that it’s Friday. I broke everything electronic. I smashed my computer to pieces. Every single thing on there could have been accessed by network access, or worse, altered. I’m a programmer, I know. Every little piece of information I gave out since this started – my name, my email, my location – none of it came back from outside until I gave it out. I’ve been going over and over what I wrote. I’ve been pacing back and forth, alternating between stark terror and overpowering disbelief. Sometimes I’m absolutely certain some phantom entity is dead set on the simple goal of getting me to go outside. Back to the beginning, with the phone call from Amy, she was effectively asking me to open the door and go outside.
Unfortunately, I was only halfway there when the feeling got so much worse. What had been anxious worry and suspicion turned quickly into terror.
I waved back though and wasn’t surprised to see the truck stop next to Dale’s squad car. As I pulled in behind them, I watched them start to jump out of the truck and then, all at the same time, freeze in place and look at each other with horrified faces.
And each night, it comes closer.
Amani and Khawlah spoke to each other in frightened whispers, terrified of a guard hearing their conversation. At first, they made plans to escape. Quickly, though, the two of them gave up on such things. There was no point in making plans which they had no hope of implementing.
“…solar retinopathy…know it’s terrifying…not permanent.”  He placed one large palm on her forehead with his fingers drifting into her hairline and something about the warmth and pressure of it eased the hyperventilation and calmed the tremors from her body, much as Dimitri had intended it to.  It brought back warm and comforting memories of her father who used to do the same thing when she was a small child.  She wondered if there was any way the Russian could have known that once her mind returned to the summit of being able to process thoughts once again.
But they didn’t come.
I said no and closed the book.
All of this just to say that the best thing I came up with was getting on the longest flight available on that particular day. The destination didn’t matter to me.
“Well, um…” he paused to remove his cap as he looked down at the floor. Even after becoming chief of police, Frank was still a bit squeamish when it came time to reveal the more bloody details of his cases. “His name is Harrison Brown. He’s 32 years old, has… erm… had three children and a wife. According to his neighbors, he went on a trip to some town they had never heard of. They said he was different once he returned. Listless, almost as if he had forgotten his personality back at that town. A few weeks later, those same neighbors complained about a smell coming from the house. When my officers got there, they found the bodies of his children and wife strewn around his living room. And upstairs… ” He paused to take a deep breath.
When I became aware of myself that morning, I found my hospital room to be uncharacteristically loud. I say “became aware” since, in the condition I was in, I didn’t ever really “wake up” per se. It was more so just passing between conscious and unconscious. Sometimes the two would even blend.
She introduced herself as Ms Kismet. Her hair was a bright red, almost certainly dyed. I can’t believe that any hair could be naturally as bright as hers looked. She dressed in a red suit and like the men our ‘friend’ at the video store had described, she looked as though someone had gone out of their way to mutilate her body.
I ran to my small bathroom and fixed my hair as best I could. I looked like hell, but she would understand. Snickering at my own unbelievable behavior and the mess I’d made of the place, I walked to the door. I put my hand on the doorknob and gave the mess one last look. So ridiculous, I thought. My eyes traced over the half-eaten food lying on the ground, the overflowing trash bin, and the bed I’d tipped to the side looking for… God knows what. I almost turned to the door and opened it, but my eyes fell on one last thing: the old webcam, the one I used for that eerily vacant chat with my friend.
Nobody lives there but him.
And to tell you the truth, I’m actually quite excited for once. This is pretty much the only thing I have left to look forward to at this point.
The man stumbled, as he stared back at the girl, unable to take his eyes off her. She was covered in blood and her matted hair covered most of her face. She was shaking violently as she stared right back at the man. The whites of her eyes piercing through her messy hair. With her breath visible in the cold morning air she let out another whaling shriek.
“The SSE Sentinel was found floating in the outskirts of the Sagittarius quadrant by authorities earlier this week. Police and the Galactic Guard found each and every member of the ship’s crew, every one of them deceased on site. All except one. They identified the lone survivor as a Mason Douglas Straitwater, the ship’s head of engineering. He was found unconscious, his body a mess of wounds, cuts, and contusions. Doctors later were able to revive and repair his emaciated body, but his mental health had deteriorated drastically. According to his doctors, Straitwater ‘kept babbling on about being a ‘witness’ and ‘they want nothing to do with us’.” Official reports state that Straitwater was admitted to the Aries mental institution for further examinations and future recuperations. It will be a long time before he can be healed completely.
I hadn’t become fully used to it yet, but thanks to therapy I was on the verge of making peace with it and finally moving on with my life.

I sat there in stunned silence. I really was losing my mind. I had made it all up. Was Sara real? Was I even a psychiatrist?
I returned to London a week after that interview, and, truthfully, did not get much other useful material. I didn’t sleep much and my mind wandered. I forgot to write down important details, I nearly got in a car crash. That experience was not something to be shaken off, and I found myself thinking about it day in and day out: at times until I wept tears of honest hopelessness.
You had your head in your hands. I sat back down, as you raised your eyes to me.
“I’m getting the fuck out of here unless your team can be here within two minutes. The creature is huge and it knows where I am. It’s going to be on top of me within five minutes. I already saw what it could do to a car, and I’m not fond of having that happen to me.”
The weapon I had bought for my protection?
“It’s midnight. Nothing ever happens at these hours.”
Supposedly it was a studio or individual who made incredibly strange movies. None of those we talked to who would admit to having watched a Better Films production would go into any detail about what was on the tapes (And the films were ONLY available on VHS from what we could uncover) but all of them seemed to be incredibly disturbed by what they had seen.
“Who is this young girl?” the woman asked.
It’s 10:30 pm right now. I’ve been listening to the saw for the past half hour. I’m too afraid to even look and see what he’s cutting. The sound of the saw reminds me of screaming but I think that really is just my imagination this time. I’ve tried putting in earplugs but it’s not enough, I can still faintly hear it and I’m too anxious to sleep, knowing what’s out there.
My 19th kill was a man named Ellis that I worked with. Ellis wasn’t the odd number in a group and he didn’t do anything noticeable in odd amounts, but he would always interrupt my Counts. When I was at my desk, I would count my picture frames (four, four, four, four) and he would interrupt me multiple times a day. I was so irritated by him, I knew I had to kill him.
They got to know each other better when she toured him around campus on his first day. The second day they ate lunch together. The next few days they hung out after school, sharing each other’s taste in literature, movies, and music.
“They still haven’t found her? Yeah, she’s dead,” said one of the guys whose face was made up like a clown’s.
One had gone so far as to remove anything from their home that could play video or audio.
Side-by-side.
“I see… visions… Mr. Thurston. A city, just like out your window… but… in the wrong spot.” She gestured behind me at glass pane that was the room’s only source of natural light.

But he had no choice. Under the big, heavy living muscle suit, his own cells and DNA were half-symbiote. He had pure symbiote cells coursing through his bloodstream and living inside all of his red blood cells. Those slimy muscle-goo extra arms had wire-like goo-nerves extending through the flesh and organs of his torso and rooted in his brain. J and his new big, body-hugging black “friend” as he sarcastically put it were literally inseparable in the most disgusting way possible. Half the time he’d wake up the next day in a big super-spider web he would produce in his sleep instead of in his bed. The most disturbing part was that being stuck in this gooey, stretchy, super-sticky glue-rubber living tar pit body trap felt strangely pleasant and he LIKED it! This was perhaps just as well, however, since J’s bizarre condition was a life sentence. Liking it did not mean he’d ever get used to the weird sticky glue-rubber feeling or anything else about this.
The worst part, however, is the lights.
I’m about to go out. I just got an email from Amy that asked me to meet her for dinner at ‘the place we usually go to.’ I do love pizza, and I’ve just been eating random food from my poorly stocked fridge for days, so I can’t wait. Again, I feel ridiculous about the odd couple of days I’ve been having. I should destroy this journal when I get back. Oh, another email.
“How are you feeling, Jeremy?” the cop asked as he came in.
WRITTEN BY: Christopher Maxim (Contact • Other Stories • Subreddit)


No. No more. I don’t know if I’ve ever decided anything for myself in my whole fucking life, but I’ll decide on this much: when to end it.
Tuesday
Of course it could’ve just been my drunken, drugged up and panicked self that couldn’t see or think straight, but the investigation confirmed it later on: no traces of blood were found, and the weapon/object responsible for the deed was also missing.
Looking back on this conversation, it seems like Dr. Stephanie was just appeasing me since I was only six years, ten months, and twenty-two days old.
Sparrow was the only woman working that evening, so she was assigned to an undercover sting. She could have called her boss out but was actually glad to be doing something more productive than the regular beat. She was to patrol the area, acting calm as if walking home from a late shift or some particularly dull party where she hadn’t collapsed under the table. She had earbuds in to seem somewhat distant. Only one was working, and that was for Henrinson. He often connected to speak to her, making jokes and frankly being a bit of idiot. She couldn’t reply to him of course, it was too risky to start speaking so openly into her lapel microphone, not even a whisper, it could blow the operation apart if she was heard. It was a good thing that he was her friend she considered; some of the other girls on the force may have stomped back to clock him for some of his crude jokes about the situation.
There’s only two days left until our next date.
Maybe we should’ve gone slower. At least every book, every website we’d left untouched, promised hope. The books that we finished and tossed aside promised nothing but the clearing in the woods as one’s future.
Three weeks later and I’m still being held by the Essex County Police, but it’s unlikely I will go to prison. It’s similarly unlikely I will survive much longer. The doctors say it’s a miracle I have so far. I tried to tell them it wasn’t me, that it was Remus, but nobody listened, not even Mum, who has apparently left Colchester to live with her sister up north. For the first time since I was born, I am alone, and in an odd way, I’m at peace.
As the tall spires of the church came into view down the street I felt a small pang of relief and momentarily slowed my sprint to a jog.
Maybe I was impatient, or perhaps he was taking longer than usual. I wasn’t watching the time after all. After a while, however, I opened the door and called out to him. I figured he’d come running like he always does. But for some reason, he didn’t this time. I waited at the door for a little while, looking around to see if I could spot him. He was outside alright, by the shed we have near the back of the yard, standing in the corner and staring at the house. He didn’t move when I called to him. He just stood there, motionless on that frozen snow, in the moonlight, staring at me.
Julian: Oh, I see where this is going!
I could have slapped him.

I forgot to finish writing last night. I’m not sure what I expected to see when I ran up the stairwell and looked out the heavy metal door’s window. I’m feeling ridiculous. Last night’s fear seems hazy and unreasonable to me now. I can’t wait to go out into the sunlight. I’m going to check my email, shave, shower, and finally get out of here! Wait… I think I heard something.
* * * * * *
Brian grabbed the cuff of his father’s coat and gleefully led him through the entrance to the ride. They climbed into a coaster car and Kent taught Brian to hold on tight to the bar. He put his arm around his son, and they smiled at each other. Soon, the coaster began moving—creeping up into the sky. Kent felt the anticipation slowly billowing inside him, Brian giggling excitedly by his side.
“Hmm…” Keaton glanced back and forth, at me and then at Julie and then at me again. His eyes settled on Julie.
Shawn turned a left corner to see a boy around age twelve about twenty feet down the hall. Shawn jumped, startled by this. The boy had long scars all across his stomach and was bleeding from the head. A grown man with a medical uniform painted with blood and a face that was impossible to see in the darkness stepped out from an open door behind the boy and the boy began screaming loudly before charging at Shawn. He turned quickly and fled the way he came, only to run into a middle-aged woman slumped, seemingly dead in a wheelchair. She hadn’t been there just moments earlier! Her hair was white and her eyes were sunken deep into their sockets. Shawn jerked in time to avoid falling directly onto her but tripped over the footrest on the front of her chair and caught himself just before his face met the floor. His flashlight flew from its place on his belt and rolled away from him, but Shawn paid it no mind. The woman in the chair began to scream just as the boy was. The screams were so loud!
I saw the fireflies flying around you, flickering. Dozens of them, never straying far from you.
Back when they left my gun completely disassembled, or even when they answered my note, I could’ve asked the cops to look for fingerprints or some kind of evidence, but did I think something would come from it?
Back then, it was just me, Sarah-Beth, and baby Junie, and Junie wasn’t much more than nine months old. She still wanted the teat, but with Momma come sick and all since Junie was born, she had to suckle on one of the momma pigs we had left. We called her Kicker, cuz she would always try to kick baby Junie away when she would try to drink, but after a while Kicker got used to it and would show off her pink belly as soon as she saw Junie come round. Maybe even thought that Junie was her own piglet since Kicker’s litter was so small that year. Once, Sarah-Beth tried to drink some of Kicker’s milk too. She said it was sour, so I never had none of it.
“Nine-one-one,” said the operator, “what’s your emergency?”
I wasn’t really living anyway.
On closer inspection, I see in the mirror that the hair goes deep. I can’t see where it ends.
Timothy seemed to get the message eventually, though. Every few days thereafter, there would be something new. A large pile of scat. The lifeless body of a bloodless baby boar. Once it was a pile of small teeth. Something weird was going on at his camp.
“Yes, we are.”
“Chief? Chief, it’s Payne. There’s been an emergency at the hospital. It was Mildred. God, she went bat shit crazy! And I don’t mean crazy like normal crazy, that’s why the old bitch is here in the first place!”
And then that day came.
Julian: Oh, yes, Sheriff Peterson, our town’s symbol of pea-
And that’s what we did. I slept beside her that night, my arms curled around her protectively. I felt the rise and fall of her chest and I felt it slow until I knew she was asleep and it was safe for me to fall asleep too.
“Come on, have some.”
The video would close with a clean face and Kevin offering up the sacred secrecy of his birthday wish without provocation.  “You don’t have to say if you don’t want to,” Mike had assured him but his son insisted.  Adamant about the fact that the wish was coming true regardless, the boy felt strongly that her knowing about it would help to “keep mommy safe”.  In the final seconds of the video, with Mike’s strong arm around the kid, Kevin looks first at the camera and then back at his father before saying with complete sincerity, “My wish is for mommy to get to the Olympics Stadium okay”.  It was an incredibly sweet moment and also very unfortunate that the clip ended when it did because she would have loved to have seen the look on Mike’s face.  It didn’t matter how many times they had told their son that it was the “Olympus Station” it almost always came back to them as the “Olympics Stadium”.  It had gotten so many laughs out of them, at this point…the kid was probably doing it on purpose.
The disturbance came from downstairs, and from my room it sounded little more than the scratching of a cat on the door. I darted my eyes across the room, hoping, praying that Half-and-half had exited and was the cause for the scraping. With reluctant realization, I noticed that Half-and-half had not moved a single muscle and was yet still on the edge of the widow, his milky fur scrambling in the draft of the air conditioning vent that sat at his feet. The moon was bulbous and massive that night, making him appear very small. His ears perked though, with every successive scrape against the front door. Tears pooled up into my eyes, obscuring my vision, and I jolted out of the room, into the hallway, down the stairs, and to the door of my parent’s. I could hear clearly the raspy grazing against the front door as I called out to my parents for the third time that night. The scoring got louder. “Mom, Dad, please there is something trying to come in the house!” I whimpered, tapping on the bedroom door.
“Okay,” we all say in unison.
But one cool, fall day my dreams came true. A couple had come in looking for a child to adopt as normal, the mother had long black hair that was put up into a high ponytail with striking green eyes and wore a casual business suit with heels and her husband was a foot or two taller than her with short brunette hair and was more casually dressed but clean shaven with blue eyes hiding behind a pair of glasses. I was peeking around the corner from down the hall with my favorite book held close to my chest as the headmistress led the couple into the main room where all the girls played. I couldn’t tell you how long they were in there until the couple walked out from the threshold with a disappointed look in their eyes. I was shocked. Usually, the parents that came in had no trouble at all finding their perfect match but I didn’t see one of the girls holding their hands cheerfully chatting away about how excited they were to go home. The headmistress came rushing out a moment later trying to apologize and offer the parents to browse again in case they missed anyone, as this was going on I was completely wracked with surprise that my book fell from my shaky grasp and hit the wooden floor with a loud thud causing the three adults to turn to me quickly in equal shock.
“Y… yes. Got it. Don’t ask about it, don’t look at your… ‘real’ face.”
She blushed, perhaps a little embarrassed. “Yeah, I guess. But I have to say that it can get pretty spooky at night.”
From then on, he could do whatever he wanted to the kid. He’d get bored of them after a day or two, after the child had broken. At that point, he disposed of them. Hacksaw, kitchen knife, anything would work.
“Yeah,” says one Mimi, leaning in.
“No more questions, Jake!” his mother said, suddenly harsh.  “You’ve been waiting to go to school all week, and now you don’t want to go!  I can’t believe you!”  She stood up and looked down at him.  “Well, I don’t know if they’ll want you now, with you acting this way and all.”  She crossed her arms.

“Well, what the fuck do you expect me to do, Linda?  I can’t go out there and the phone isn’t working.”

When the madness first started, the people who got infected didn’t change in appearance but they seemed to lose their mind. Their eyes would become cloudy, like they had cataracts. They’d just sit completely still until something disturbed them. At that point it was always one of two reactions. Either the person would grab the sides of their head and begin screaming or they would attempt to attack anyone else around them. The disease didn’t take to well to the human host though; after a week the person’s body would be so badly damaged they would just collapse. If I had to guess, it was due to some kind of trigger between whatever Dave injected Ginger with and some form of animal madness. A human infected with this would go completely mad, running themselves to death. This was always the result. The biggest problem is the disease would simply travel from one person to the next and you were either immune or you weren’t. The animals that would be affected, their bodies seemed to last a bit longer but eventually, they too, would collapse.
He swore as one of the stupid zombie aliens killed him, then sat back on the beaten up old couch we used to game on.
A pause, and then: “The ship SSE Sentinel is under emergency protocol F6, reserved for hull breaches and hostile beings on board. Current status of Sentinel: severe hull breach in Sector VI on the starboard bow. All entrances and means of access to Sector VI are closed off. Possible hostiles have boarded the ship. Please proceed with emergency evacuation protocol T1, abandon ship immediately via lifeboats in Sector III. Leave everything behind.”
My hair stood up on end and I thought about another night a long time ago when I was drinking, a time I was in a bar and there was this guy, quiet, standing in front of me while I was waiting to get a drink and he was taking his time counting out change to pay for his beer and I said something dumb to him, to hurry up, and he turned and looked at me and he didn’t say a word but his face was so, so cold. This lone figure in the street gave me the same feeling that guy in the bar had – that I was in somebody’s crosshairs.
After that, though, we started getting reports of even stranger things happening around some kids’ camps.
If only she wasn’t little-miss-germaphobe, Caleb wouldn’t be–
“It’s not that big of a deal. You like women, right? You’ll probably enjoy it. And she’s promised that you won’t be hurt in any way.”
I had just pushed my way through the doors and was on a bee-line for my office when my editor intercepted me.
“Got to keep the family together.”
Julian: Before we jump into the news here’s a message from our sponsors.
Reticence such as this is seldom without a cause, nor indeed was ours; for our requirements were those resulting from a life-work distinctly unpopular. Outwardly we were doctors only, but beneath the surface were aims of far greater and more terrible moment—for the essence of Herbert West’s existence was a quest amid black and forbidden realms of the unknown, in which he hoped to uncover the secret of life and restore to perpetual animation the graveyard’s cold clay. Such a quest demands strange materials, among them fresh human bodies; and in order to keep supplied with these indispensable things one must live quietly and not far from a place of informal interment.
When Daddy let us out of the basement, and it was already almost daytime, and he said he could take care of our chores that day. When he tucked me into bed, he had already bandaged a couple wounds on his arms and hands. He had a black eye.
“You been sleeping okay? I think all this overtime is stretching you thin.” Dan looked worried. I know I sounded insane.
Angie was only five then, and now she had matured into a beautiful young woman.
“He picked up but then started talking nonsense. He said his arthritis was acting up, worse then usual. He couldn’t move. Something about a power-cut. He wanted me to call an ambulance, but you know how Albert is. Hypochondriac. I think we should go check on him an-”
I told the people on the other side of the door I need a minute to think and I’ll come out. I’m really just writing this down so I can figure out what to do. At least this time I heard their voices. My paranoia – and yes, I recognize I’m being paranoid – has me thinking of all sorts of ways that their voices could be faked electronically. There could be nothing but speakers outside, simulating human voices. Did it really take them three days to come talk to me? Amy is supposedly out there, along with two policemen and a psychiatrist. Maybe it took them three days to think of what to say to me – the psychiatrist’s claim could be pretty convincing, if I decided to think this has all been a crazy misunderstanding, and not some entity trying to trick me into opening the door.
I met with him at the university, at some lab room with big long tables and microscopes and equipment that looked like something a torturer in medieval times would use and he spread the teeth out on a white sheet and he looked at them.
I nodded.
My head reeled and I almost blacked out. There were so many – at least 15 kids – and I know some of them. There was Lily, and Danny, and Jennifer, and that girl who sat beside me in calculus and copied my homework… oh my god, they were all dead. They were dead. They were dead. I couldn’t stop repeating the phrase in my mind.
* * * * * *

Tina thanked her, and repeated the name to herself a few times. Michael Carten. Michael Carten. Michael Carten. Luvia then turned to me.
The next morning, Shawn texted Riley to ask if she was working. Coincidentally, she wasn’t. He asked her to come over.
I made repeated requests to the US government to interview Sayyid, which were all denied. Finally, a few days ago, I was granted a visit. One hour, supervised, and after that I would stop pestering the CIA permanently.
I spent most of 2015 traveling the country, staying at motels and all kinds of sketchy places.
His mother, again, sterner now.  “Jake, I told you.  It’s time to get up.  Now get up.”
No new big stories broke on any of the news stations for the rest of Day 23, but after sunset, multiple football-sized and shaped glowing blue meteors identical to the first symbiote-containing stone were seen and reported by witnesses falling from the sky around the world. Just like America, each and every country on Earth received one glowing blue meteorite.
With those last words, my small window of hope was closed. Once again leaving my soul caged in darkness and fear. A month? That beast waited for these people for a month? My heart was pounding so much it made my head hurt. I was afraid to look back, afraid I’d have to see that thing glaring at me from those black eyes. The guy from the tape said to keep going and that’s exactly what I did; I would put as much distance from The City of Death as I could. I dared a glance into the side mirror. My heart stopped. There was no way, it couldn’t be true. The beast had indeed followed. It was still following. After two years of slinking around that city with the fear that any moment I’d become a part of the rotting flesh that is the beast, I now was in open territory with a beast in my mirror.
I did, didn’t I? I looked into the screen, into Tracer’s… no, Lena’s big brown eyes. She was beautiful. She was perfect. I would kill for her. I had to.
“As for your second query, Mr. Straitwater, I can tell you exactly why they are here. But first, I presume you would like to know what they require from you.” The tone and inflection of the computer had changed abruptly. Something’s not right with any of this, thought Mason. Indeed, there was something sinister with the computer program aboard the SSE Sentinel, for when the next message rolled out, the monitor had changed from green static to a dark reddish clarity. No longer was the monitor full of grainy static, it was now clear and bold as the blood from the bodies of the crew.
The episode ended with him falling to the ground as the two tall, white puppets looked directly into the camera with pitch-black eyes. I was utterly terrified at this point. I immediately ejected the DVD and threw it in the trash. I couldn’t sleep at all that night; I kept thinking about the episode.
Jullian: Breaking news listeners! The Seabreeze mall will be closed for the time being as a human-shaped shadow has appeared in the middle of the food court. Passerby’s claim to hear the shadow mumble such things as “Please don’t speak of me” or “I shouldn’t exist”. Citizens who have had prolonged contact with the shadowy figure stated to have heavy nosebleeds, headaches, and an acute phobia of staying alive.

She had escaped the clutches of madness, but her daughter was still firmly lodged in its jaws.
“Shit,” his dad muttered, and pushed back from the table, glowering briefly at Jake.  “What are you doing creeping around?”

The doctor read the paper the patient had scribbled on. It was barely readable, written in the shaky script of one who could not see. He wanted to smile at the man’s steadfast resolve, a reminder of the human will to survive, but he knew that the patient was completely delusional.
Dennett’s voices became clearer. While he was otherwise doing a self-interview, explaining how hungry he was after not having had any luck with fishing the past few days, the voices were saying far more disturbing things.
“Who took her? And who did they take?” Kent asked.
“Seriously?”
My legs turn liquid. I collapse to my knees. Intense nausea. The room tilts. I catch a glimpse of the pulled hair. The end that came out of my brain is coated in a film of blood specked with tiny white lumps.
* * * * * *
When the paramedics arrived, Chris was having a seizure in the hallway. Samantha was stroking his head, sobbing. Her face was on, but it had been done hastily, and everything looked a little off.

“Go yourself, you weirdo bitch,” Lara half whined, half yawned, making no gesture to rise from her nest of bed sheets.
Before I had my daughter Brynn, almost 9 months old, I was one of those people who took punctuality very seriously. I was the kind of guy who looked at the traffic flow on his phone and made sure I got gas the day before. I even set my oven clock five minutes fast so there would always be an advantage. I was prepared for most obstacles.
The void spat me forth into a storm of flames, and I banked down as the fiery remnants of a ship swung by overhead. I saw it, then, my skull thrumming with pain as I struggled to anchor myself. Drifting in darkness above the Earth in a haze of shifting matter, black, feathered tendrils and limbs writhed in unison, swimming eternally through a colossal mass of crawling eyes and razor-toothed maws. Images of chaos and death flashed through my vision as I screamed with raw adrenaline, trying to keep my mind from fading as streams of blood dripped from my eyes, but when another squadron tore forward from behind me, I had all the courage I needed.
“No sir, I’m just used to being called Myers. That’s all.”
Crazy as it might seem, I had to laugh to myself just now, as I’ve finally realized the irony of my situation. For a long time now, I’ve had the compulsion to make sure that I am securely locked in for the night.
“It’s time to go.  Time to go to school, Jake.”
“There you go!” Roger said merrily, and turned around to start cleaning up.
I walked around to the head and made a cut around the circumference of the crown. I peeled the flesh away and there was nothing. As I stared into it, I froze. I stood holding the severed scalp, staring into the nothingness, unable to do anything else.
Knowing Opal’s history made Amber feel closer to her memory – and also envious. She had lived a life of exception; a life devoid of normalcy and filled with excitement…just the kind of life Amber had always wanted.
“Kaylee, I love you, I won’t let you be scared for one second more than I have to. I promise.”
“Not really at issue here, I would imagine,” he told me politely, but firmly.
Julian: I’m sorry but we are already running behind schedule, so let’s jump into the news!
I pray and pray, until I fall asleep.
I began to crawl. I had no idea where I was going; the entrance was nowhere in sight and I still hadn’t even seen the exit. So I just crawled, my skin wriggling with the presence of those phantom bugs. After what seemed like hours, I found the door. I grabbed the nearest tree and propped myself up, mindlessly slapping my arms and legs to no avail. I tried to run, but I couldn’t; my body was exhausted from crawling and dealing with whatever it was that was on me. I took a few shaky steps to the door, grabbing each tree on the way for support.
“She sure is loud for a mute person.”
Sure enough, after maybe ten more minutes of my impromptu hike through the wilderness, I came upon the source of the mysterious glow I’d seen before. It was no meteor. There, sitting in a small depression in the ground, was a metallic pod of sorts, complete with a blinking beacon protruding from its surface like an antenna. The craft itself was spherical and at least twice my height. I’d never seen anything like it before. I was utterly dumbfounded.
“What do you want me to say?” I asked. I pointed at Billy. “Shouldn’t he be the one resolving the conflict? Maybe he should apologize, or something.”
“Nearly over now—don’t make it harder—cover up those damned steps and run for your life—you’re losing time— So long, Carter—won’t see you again.” Here Warren’s whisper swelled into a cry; a cry that gradually rose to a shriek fraught with all the horror of the ages—
Normally, I wouldn’t have stopped to answer it, but I was expecting a call about a job I had interviewed for the previous week. I took a deep breath in and accepted the call.
Remember how hard you tried to convince me to drop Substance Abuse? I didn’t really question it at the time, even if I didn’t understand. I just wasn’t raised to question you. But I get it now.

Reena or ‘Mimi” as she proclaims herself is Brynn’s maternal grandmother. Since my wife left us she’s gone above and beyond to step up and be there for us. I think it makes her feel better about the situation. As if she somehow feels responsible for her daughter’s selfishness and actions.
Freaks. Deformities. Oddities. The box was filled with stuff from old-time sideshows, mostly photos. Four-legged girls, men with tails, bearded ladies, pinheads, conjoined twins…some of them Amber recognized. She had been obsessed with freaks since grade school and she knew Pip and Flip, Myrtle Cobain and Stephan Bibrowski on sight. The Camel Girl, the Elephant Man, the Ape Woman – all had been popular attractions in their day. Yet the box contained other images that she hadn’t seen before: a two-faced man, a boy with an eye embedded in his forehead, a woman with horns sprouting from her neck. Amber’s hands shook with excitement as she rooted through the box. The photographs were obviously authentic and probably ranged from the 1860s to the 1940s – the golden age of freak shows.
I had a bad feeling about this cruise.
Julian: Ouch, what happened next?
Erica hated the lack of hygiene.
Amani felt like she had been dropped in the middle of a nightmare. The whole world was spinning. “Game?” What sort of madman was this Sayyid?
Her car was outside, where she usually parked it.
My roommate didn’t return either which didn’t help, although she texted me later in the morning to inform me that she had spent the night at her boyfriends.
He ignored me, and kept reaching. Then his hand was inside the head. He froze suddenly, except for his eyelids, which opened wide in shock.
Struggling for breath, she was vaguely aware of her co-pilot’s voice doing the best it could to calm her histrionics, but it was distant and foreign; the visual barrier somehow reaching into her mind to affect her cognitive abilities. It took several long minutes and his placing a medicated bandage over her eyes for his words to slowly sift into any recognizable form of communication.
I didn’t like it, but I didn’t have many alternatives. I took the pills and swallowed them, then laid down carefully on the bed. Now that the adrenaline was wearing off I felt every injury. Definitely broken ribs, possibly dislocated shoulder. There was a nice gash across my left leg too.
My favorite stuff were the SFM videos. Animated videos of a 3D Model of Tracer getting dicked. The really good ones were full-on movies, and the best were all shot from the perspective of whoever was giving it to her. As I got myself off, I’d imagine Lena Oxton beneath me. I imagined her long slender legs wrapped around me, her eager breaths and her nails digging into my skin. Then, when I was done, I’d fall asleep comfortable and satisfied. Chris was right. Lena made me happier than any real woman ever could have.
Life under the rebels was not especially difficult. The everyday rhythm of routine wasn’t disrupted in any real sense, at first. But, then, the whispers started. There were rumors of a mysterious man named Tabib Al’alam. As it always does, idle gossip filled the gaps left vacant by hard fact and so it was difficult to say with any certainty the degree to which these rumors were true.
If only she wasn’t so scared to touch him.
I needed to know the reasoning behind this slow process that was progressively erasing my existence from this world.

“Him? How do you know it’s a him? What do you mean there are more of them?” My head was beginning to hurt. This was all too much to take in.
The hallway is pitch black.
“My son,” Kent replied firmly. “You guys were going to stay with him inside the funhouse. I asked you to keep an eye on him.”
“She says that she has seen things that have caused her to doubt her sanity. She says that Tabib Al’alam is real, and his laboratory is… a nightmare.”
We grow accustomed to them, but we are surrounded constantly by sounds. The slight buzz of the electric lights above us, the hum of the boiler in the basement, the sound of our own breath, the rustle of our clothes as we move. The sound of a drawer opening. None of it was there. It was as though I had gone completely deaf.
Timothy wasn’t exactly our more impressive participant on the show. Many of the men tend to be burly prior-military or skinny-ish survivalist hippies. Timothy was just about right in the middle, not usually someone we’d put on the show. Vegetarian, never hunted, good with tools but not particularly impressive, could start a fire with some help from his ferro stick, but what he had that many candidates lacked was authenticity. He just seemed like a downright good guy, albeit insecure. So we wanted to have him on to serve up something different to our audience.
A spider about the size of a baseball sat in the passenger seat. Its silvery sheen gave it an almost mechanical appearance. It had a worm pinned to the seat by its pedipalps. Emaciated little husks of worms lay all around it. The back seat was covered in a glistening, almost translucent pattern of silk. Little white strands were woven into the pattern like some sort of twitching tapestry.
The monster had made its escape by the time backup and first responders arrived. Paramedics took Charlie’s body away in a bag, and another officer collected my statement. Then, with the cops still around, I got in my car and hightailed it to a nearby hotel, where I crashed for the night.
Then, one day, one ordinary day, when you were ten, you just woke up and you were like this, covered in fireflies and no one could remember you the moment they concentrated on anything else. No one, not even your parents.
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll do the autopsy. But David, I don’t drink.”
Elliot aimed his rifle directly at the android, emptying his entire magazine into the creature. The deafening sounds of gunshots echoed through the desert, carrying on for miles.
Spaghetti. In tomato sauce. And the same around my feet.
It was a match that lit us on fire. Suddenly we weren’t frozen to the spot and silent anymore – we leaped over chairs and ran out of the room to the massive glass doors. Hysteria took over. Kids were banging on the doors, screaming, throwing heavy objects at them, but the thick glass wouldn’t give.

I went to a meeting that night. All familiar faces – no strangers, no hooded figures making noise in my head. I tried to make sense of what had happened to me, but how could I? It did occur to me that I might be in the middle of some sort of nervous breakdown. I’d certainly exhibited behavior like this when I was drinking – delusional, paranoid, upset. But never hallucinations, even in all my blackouts and bar fights. I’d imagined insults, but only out of words truly spoken and twisted by my diseased brain.

As I made my way deeper into the room, I began to hear what one would hear if they were in a forest; chirping bugs and the occasional flap of birds seemed to be my only company in this room. That was the thing that bothered me the most. I heard the bugs and other animals, but I didn’t see any of them. I began to wonder how big this house was. From the outside when I first walked up to it, it looked like a regular house. It was definitely on the bigger side, but this was almost a full forest in here. The canopy covered my view of the ceiling, but I assumed it was still there, however high it was. I couldn’t see any walls, either. The only way I knew I was still inside was that the floor matched the other rooms: the standard dark wood paneling.
After the initial shock wore off, I climbed down from the roof and raced into the woods as fast as my scrawny legs would allow. I had a rough idea of where the thing landed, so I darted in that direction, hoping I could take home a chunk of space rock as a souvenir to show my father. If I was lucky, it would be a treasure thrilling enough to keep him from getting mad that I went off into the woods by my lonesome. I could only hope.
I still filled a ton of paperwork but it was worthless in the end. No clues came up and I could tell it was pointless to bother them about it.
He smiled. “‘Wartime activities.’ We have no need of euphemisms here Mr. Daniels. We both know what you really want to ask. ‘Did I participate in torture and human experimentation against Kurds in Syria?’ The answer is yes.”
After 3 more days passed, the researchers checked the microphones hourly to make sure they were working, since they thought it impossible that no sound could be coming with 5 people inside. The oxygen consumption in the chamber indicated that all 5 must still be alive. In fact, it was the amount of oxygen 5 people would consume at a very heavy level of strenuous exercise. On the morning of the 14th day, the researchers did something they said they would not do to get a reaction from the captives, they used the intercom inside the chamber, hoping to provoke any response from the captives they were afraid were either dead or vegetables.
What’s done is done, but I still had to know.
I stared back, my heart starting to race, and I exited that match immediately. No more Overwatch. I sat there for a moment, before setting up my Xbox One. Halo would be nice to play! Some good old-fashioned, old school Halo! Over the years, it had still remained one of my favorite games! It would calm me down! I chose the snow level, since it was my favorite. But as soon as the gameplay started, the HUD was all wrong.
End Boson Fleet Nova transmission 33
Upon our arrival, something eerie about the ship was definitely apparent. The description of an abandoned colony that was in perfect condition seemed like it would be the least intimidating scene, but it felt preternatural. Normally, I arrive at a colony and I can tell that abandonment was going to be its fate. There are certain qualities that create that atmosphere. But this experience was exceptional. I was wary of separating from my team because of the air, the emptiness that was there. It was a ghost town. Not a trace of human presence that could signal an error of any kind. It seemed things had literally been dropped where they were being used. I walked passed a cafeteria kitchen on my way to a bunk section and it seemed that even ingredients in mixing bowls were left half mixed.
“I was just passing by for some other business but… hmm… this will do nicely.”
“What the hell…” I cursed under my breath. Upon closer inspection of the chaos down below, I could recognize some of the people running. A bunch of my parents’ church friends were down there. I’d met them before at birthday parties that my parents would drag me along to. Most of them were pretty nice. Then I saw a man dressed in all black with a tiny white collar around his neck. It was the priest. He had dinner at our home on several occasions, and if it weren’t for the fact he was a priest, you wouldn’t even know he was religious. We liked the same shows and movies, which is weird because it was tough to imagine a man of the cloth being into the type of same type of humor that appealed to me.
Coco: Wall Dogs?
“Please?”
That was his name. When Will sent us his application and video, he seemed like a normal guy. Well, for a survivalist. He was the kind of guy who came off as a good guy to know both at the local bar and should the apocalypse hit. The kind of survivalist who hunts for sport but you know could really stay out there for some time. He had professional training, would take others on managed hunts, and spent a lot of time in nature preserves camping by himself. Really personable and had the looks for the show, too. We knew he’d be popular.
They stood awkwardly for a few seconds before Riley hugged Shawn around the neck, standing on her tiptoes to do so, and then saying goodbye.
I didn’t spot the man while I worked the next day, but once I was off I decided to once again use my selfie trick. It turns out my new friend would once again be joining me on my walk home. Much like the previous night I quickened my pace. I still didn’t want him to know where I lived, at least not yet.
I. From the Dark
When I awoke, the sun shone through the blinds, painting my skin with stripes of morning light. I sat up in bed, looking at the TV which was now displaying nothing but static. I went to turn it off on the way to the kitchen for a coffee (or six, considering the night I’d had). I racked my brain for any more details I could recollect.
This is Captain William Brink….
They terrified us, but we were older and wiser and so very far away, so we did not fret. Then we watched them split the atom and breach the heavens within the breadth of one of their single, short generations, and we began to worry. When they began actively transmitting messages and greetings into space, we felt fear and horror. Their transmissions promised peace and camaraderie to any who were listening, but we had watched them for too long to buy into such transparent deceptions. They knew we were out here, and they were coming for us.
I eventually broke from my trance and began to move towards my living room where my closest landline phone was. One of the problems I had with living out in the country is that I had no cell phone service at all. My only communication to the outside world was through my wired phone and internet coming from the dilapidated telephone pole at the end of the road. When I reached my phone, I quickly dialed emergency services and reached an operator after several rings.
As Kent explored the town, he looked around for signs of life. He could sense other people, but saw none. Glancing at a house, he spotted a face behind a cracked, cloudy window. It was a little girl.
Besides, I could always say I’m a Christian Scientist or something and can’t do all that medical shit. At least I’ll be a cool mom which is more than I can say for my folks.”
“Well, I can explain everything to you, but first, I think you better have a seat. Would you like some coffee? It’s quite a long story…”

I wanted my Momma back.
My room. Door locked. On my bed I sit for hours, inspecting my arms and legs, wishing the hair to go away. Of course, it doesn’t. It’s as coarse as it is stubborn.
That sort of thing, you know, “not leaving a trail behind” and just get off the grid, or at least try to.
Chris staggered backwards, out of the bathroom. He was holding a straightened out paperclip, which he had used to pick the privacy lock. Now he was stabbing it again and again into his eyes, shouting gibberish. He was clearly in the depths of madness, and it turned my stomach to see him mutilate himself.
Mr. Brown would go on to explain about a town off the east coast that he visited, all the way up to when he arrived on my doorstep in maximum security restraints. He seemed perfectly sane except for the talk of some god and his cult. I allowed him to remain without his restraints for the remainder of his stay.
Shawn nearly choked on his food.
That’s when she started crying.

Jake’s mom appeared startled as she followed his gaze to the clock.  “Shit,” she muttered, and then quickly glanced back at Jake.  “Sorry,” she said.
He shifted in his seat, trying in vain to find some new configuration for his large body that would be a bit more comfortable, and brought his cold thermos from between his legs up to his lips.  Still empty, just like it had been for the last two hours.  Mark cursed under his breath and tossed it into the back seat so he wouldn’t keep trying it.  It landed among the accumulated papers and food wrappers, and began to roll around as the Datsun inexpertly navigated the twisting road.  Steering wheel goes clockwise, thermos rolls to the left.  Steering wheel goes counterclockwise, thermos rolls to the right.  Trash crinkled, adding another layer of competing noise to the radio.  Mark gritted his teeth and stared forward into the night, the snow-covered road bordered by tall trees on both sides.
“We both love you!” Mike called out from behind the camera.  “Tell your mommy what you’re getting ready to do.”  Kevin nodded in commiserative approval; his smile contagious.  Laura, as with each watching, smiled as well.
I’m waiting.
I shook my head then got to my feet and rubbed my cheeks to make sure my hip was still intact. I turned around and saw that there was another wall now from where i had just come from. I was boxed in, walls on each side of me. They seemed to close in on me, and i became frantic.
“You know not to ask about Mamma, baby girl.” There was another shriek coming from outside. Daddy sighed and unlocked the basement. “How about you get Junie?”
“Because the other one got eaten up at the party,” Mike added, his voice louder than the boy’s given his proximity to the microphone.
“I’m just over this way,” Jon said to Ted as they stepped out of the elevator. Ted’s eyes wandered, looking in the opposite direction. “Room 6024, just down the hall over here,” Jon said as he paused to watch Ted starting the other way. Without turning, Ted said “I actually have a family friend that lives on this floor. I didn’t think they were home this weekend, but now I’m wondering if I had my dates mixed up. Mind if I check?”
He hoped the tape recorder would still work.
Jon sighed. Moving through the doorway into the dark living room, he turned towards the light at the end of a hallway. The stench of the apartment was unpleasant but bearable, like a nursing home. Coming into the light of the bedroom doorway, avoiding the scraps of trash on the ground, Jon saw Ted hunched over a chest. Around him, reaching to the ceiling in spots, were stacks of leather. Jon glanced at the pile closest to him and gagged. The hides were ridged husks of dozens, maybe hundreds, of people, flayed and cleansed of any and all trace of violence.
Her eyes widened in horror. “Well… they have us separated? So we should be okay, right?”
“You’re the…” Luke paused holding the new swelling cut on his cheek. Tears again ran freely down his face. “You’re the Rag and Bone Man…”

I had made the mistake of crawling between an opening of cars while I thought the thing had its back turned. I was so horribly wrong. I can’t explain how it knew, but the moment I crawled into the clearing between the cars, the thing snapped it head 180 degrees around, glaring at me with dark, hot eyes. I was frozen, petrified by the things unnatural movement. It placed a huge, almost car sized paw towards me, crushing a small vehicle under it. My stomach turned, my mind scrambled to understand what I was seeing. The Beast let out a very low, almost tiger like growl. It clicked into pitches before it let out a nightmarish scream, to which forced me into motion towards the trailer. It was only then I realized I wasn’t even sure the back of the trailer would be unlocked; and even if it was, I may not have time to get in and shut the door before the damn thing caught me.
Then I felt a vibrate in my pocket. I reached down and looked at my phone. One unread text. At first, I was really glad I had service, I was saved. Maybe the text was from David that he was alright. It was from a different number, one I didn’t have in my phone. I pressed open, and nearly dropped the phone:
Coco: Please stop talking.

“What the fuck!” She was clearly terrified. I understood why. I was running on pure adrenaline myself. I rushed towards her, knife in hand and drove it into her stomach, over and over again. I should’ve gone for the neck, but I wasn’t thinking. I was panicking! I just wanted her to die! I wanted her to stop making those awful sounds!
The chamber was flushed of the stimulant gas and filled with fresh air and immediately voices from the microphones began to object. 3 different voices began begging, as if pleading for the life of loved ones to turn the gas back on. The chamber was opened and soldiers sent in to retrieve the test subjects. They began to scream louder than ever, and so did the soldiers when they saw what was inside. Four of the five subjects were still alive, although no one could rightly call the state that any of them in ‘life.’
Coco: A phobia of life?
It didn’t matter. You might be surprised, but I never looked into the case file or found out more about what happened. Nothing mattered. In one day, I had lost everyone. At 16 years old, I knew the horror of staring at body after body of my friends and teachers, until I was utterly numb to the sight. And I have spent the rest of my life wondering why I alone survived.
News of a teenage boy drowning in a quiet suburban town caused an uproar amongst media channels. Investigators believed the boy had cramps while swimming. The locals, disregarding whatever the real cause was, blamed the parents for the lack of supervision. Some questioned why the girl did not call for help when the boy was in the process of drowning.
“Stay calm, sir. We will dispatch an officer to your location shortly.”
From the darkness of my closet I saw the man enter my room. He began to move towards my bed. At the very least, he couldn’t possibly know that the figure in my bed was a mannequin. I began to ready myself, Taser in hand. Once he attempted to go for the decoy in the bed, I would jump out and stun him with my Taser.
I said nervously and sounded unsure. I was unsure of anything at that point.
“She’ll be fine.”



A nurse with a worn face but kind eyes comes over to us. “Now now little lady, what seems to be the matter? That face is too beautiful to be scrunched up screaming like that. Are you hungry? Do you want Daddy to rock you?” She turns her gaze to me with a smile. “Why don’t you take her out Daddy and bounce her in your arms a bit? Some babies just hate to be in their car seats any longer than they have to be.”
As i continued walking, i let my shirt down and took in some refreshing deep breaths which helped calm my nerves, but it didn’t last long. The walls began oozing blood, it dripped down from the edges where the ceiling met the walls. I started running again, i needed to get out of there fast. I kept looking back and forth, from wall to wall as i ran. More and more blood poured down the walls turning them into solid waterfalls of blood. Yet, the floor did not accumulate any and stayed solid. Without even noticing i had reached the end of the hall and slammed right into a dead end. I was paying so much attention to the changing walls that i hadn’t even been looking straight ahead. I fell back and landed on my ass with a thud. “Oof! …ow dammit.”
My heart skipped a beat. I checked to see if SpriteShark’s videos were still up. They were! I didn’t understand… Was I blocked? I tried commenting on them. I could still comment. I could still look at their profile. I just couldn’t contact them. I didn’t understand what this was… But I got my answer soon enough.
“Nukes…Dimitri.  The bastards are all using…”  The signal went dead, its light extinguishing as well to signify that the man hadn’t just stopped mid-sentence.  Laura twisted her head back to viewport six and released a horrible scream that echoed off the capsules walls long after it had ended in a tormented moan.  It had only been a split-second.  In that minuscule moment of time that her eyes were open and facing the glass they were bombarded with a series of simultaneous flashes so bright it seemed as though the Earth had, in fact, become the sun itself.
A flasher had been reported in the area. Most times they wouldn’t bother with such a thing, an old pervert incapable of getting it up without some scandal. But the reports had filed in by a dozen. Allegedly, many of the people, ten women and two men, were left rather disturbed and upset after these encounters, one even having somewhat of a breakdown, a family member reporting in for them. A particular boon to getting the case moving through were several disappearances in the area, only a few but there was considered to be more. This situation was giving possible ties to a human trafficking ring or even a potential serial killer, using such perverse acts as a distraction, or more seemingly unlikely, seduction.
I couldn’t.
Sloughing off his outer clothes, his shoes.
Often, in the distance, vague screams could be made out. Soft as they were these expressions of agony struck a dissonant chord in Amani’s mind. They weren’t natural, she told me. Something about them was just out of the normal range of human vocalization, as if they were artificial… or, more frighteningly, bestial.
I still couldn’t believe it. There’s no way this could have been done with so quickly. That’s when the ground started to shake.
“Oh, I know who.” Julie scrolled through her contacts and clicked one and then pressed her phone to her ear.
Kent walked towards the dangling bag, then jogged, then ran. He stopped just short of it, recognizing it was indeed Brian’s. Yet somehow it seemed old and worn. He grabbed the bag and looked inside—it was empty. Various questions entered Kent’s mind, but he dismissed them knowing he wouldn’t have any answers until he found his son. There was no doubt anymore that he had been down the same road and that Kent was going in the right direction. That’s when he noticed something else in the distance—a silo.
My hand gets pulled. My fork clatters.
The landscape was leveled. Where buildings once stood, there were now just ruins. These things overran the land, devouring anything they can find. Their movements seemed to be determined by some sort of hive mind, all going toward the same goal. They were hungry, and we were the next buffet.
I could hear her sobbing, and I could see her struggling against her bindings. Her voice wasn’t one I recognized. She had a British accent, but not cockney like Tracer’s.
“Sir…given everything that’s just happened, I’m…uncertain…about bringing this up…but,” her voice became conspiratorially low; “I think there might be another problem that you need to know about.”
“Why you gotta do stuff like that, Sarah Beth: stuff that Daddy tells you not to?”
Erica stands up. She couldn’t see him. Not a splash or a gurgle. She goes into the water, shouting, “Caleb! Caleb! Caleb!” Then something brushes against her thigh.
The huge disconnect between my body and mind made it extremely difficult to judge how and when to slow down, turn, or rotate my body. I had basically turned into giant, slow-motion spaz. I misjudged my speed and rammed into the wall by the elevator button at a pretty good speed. Even though I could see the wall coming at me, I couldn’t make my finger, outstretched to hit the elevator button, move away fast enough and I jammed it against the wall. Hard. The pain was intense. If my brain had been running at regular speed, it probably only would have hurt for thirty seconds or so. But in my accelerated state, the intense pain seemed to last for half an hour. Forty-five minutes maybe.
Mark froze.  Something here was wrong.  Very wrong.  He choked back the half-chewed meat that was in his mouth and looked up at Roger’s face.  The grin brightened, showing the man’s teeth.  Mark hadn’t noticed before, but they were stained yellow.  He straightened and put down his silverware, still looking Roger in the eyes.  There was a glimmer of something in there that unsettled him deeply.  All of a sudden, he thought, “cars.  There are cars in the parking lot.  More than one.  Where are the people that drove those cars?” As that clicked into place in his mind, two other things followed.  The first was the sound of the deadbolt on the front door clicking into place, and Roger saying, “we sometimes get strange people trying to wander in late at night.”  The other was a brief glimpse of a road sign that read “DON’T STOP FOR HITCHHIKERS.”
“Yuh.”
The damn thing was so huge I could only see it from the chest up. The rest had disappeared over the horizon. I finally got home and night had fallen, but the giant hadn’t shifted at all. By this time, I’m creeped the hell out. I decide I’m just going to go inside, close my curtains, and go the fuck to sleep. I’m just tired, right? This is all going to be gone in the morning.
“Dude, forget the fuckin’ multitool. Just get the flask.”
Living as a shut-in had done me no good, so I had to radically change my approach if I hoped to change anything.
The other, deeper voice that was closest to me poked my bags once more, and then stood up and my heart stopped when he stood in front of the trunk. Were these people going to kill me? A part of me hoped they did so that way I could be with my parents but another part of me wanted to live for whatever reason. I tightly closed my eyes as the trunk was lifted up and I felt the sunlight hit my face and cause me to curl up tighter in a ball. Long story short the man and the lady were what they called ‘Woodby Hunters’ and somehow felt pity for me and offered to let me tag along with them unless I wanted to just sit there and die. Maybe they could be my new parents as stupid as that sounded. With no other option, I agreed to let them take care of me and from that day on I changed little by little.
“Not on me? That one look at my fucking face makes people insane? Please. I just need some time alone.”
You can’t even see the room at the end of it; it’s in the dark as well. You’re left with only two options: Either you continue down the corridors leading toward the other side of the room and hope that you find a way back, or you risk traversing the pitch black hallway and feel your way back to the elevator.
“The episode was about Colwin and his friends baking a cake,” she replied.
The hallway ends at a room much like the one that you started in, but with small differences. The walls are laid out differently, and there’s an opening leading to another hallway on the right. You continue down the next hallway until you reach another room. This one is somewhat larger than the other two and has a higher ceiling. However, there’s also a couch with the same dreadful yellow tinge sitting to the side.
Coco: No I mean, you’ve been doing the news for a while. You must have read a lot of missing people reports, have any of them turned up alive?
“I don’t like your tone, Luke,” the Rag and Bone Man snapped. “But you did make it here, and as you won’t keep to the rules… Let me go and get Gwen for you.”
I hope you burn in hell.
I suddenly felt a jolt of sharp pain fire up my leg as my knee buckled. Keaton’s foot had slammed into the back of my knee. I fell to one knee and before I could get up, I felt Keaton’s arm slip around my throat as he put me in a sleeper hold. He dragged me backward as I coughed and gagged. I could hear Julie screaming and yelping from the cadillac.
“Oh God, Jeremy!”

“Fuck, what is that?” said Keaton. “Is that a cop?” He looked at Peter and then Billy. “Just be cool.” Peter had the fear of god in his eyes.
“Okay, but you have to promise not to freak out. It’s a lot… I want to be with you. I want to be on your side of the screen, Jeremy! There’s a lot of information I can find in my current position, and I’ve been thinking about this for a while. But it’s hard to do. You need to give me something from your side.”
Blood fountained into the air, splattering over the saw, the bricks, and the garage as the body convulsed and then collapsed to the ground. I screamed and threw myself back away from the window. Then I was violently, horrifically sick as my entire body rebelled at the horror I’d just seen.
“Sorry,” she said softly, ”I just like seeing you.”
Keaton stopped straightaway. Julie sobbed as trails of blood ran down her arm and dripped from her elbow.
I thought a lot about death for that first couple of weeks. If living on meant continuing to exist in that horrid condition, then I figured I would be much better off just dying. I spent my days languishing in my despair, hoping for something to just come along and end it. I prayed to be able to tell my mother, who sat quietly sobbing next to my bed most days, to just pull the plug already. Yet I couldn’t even move, let alone speak. For me, living a life like that, trapped in the prison that was my broken body, was like my own personal hell.
I watched him, my breath tight in my chest. He’s a big dude with intricate full sleeve tattoos. Dresses as a Nazgûl every year to pass out candy for Halloween, complete with a sword. Seems nice. He’d double-checked some electrical work I did on my house earlier this year, but otherwise we didn’t talk a lot.
I was ready to take a life, and considering all that had happened to me, I knew I could probably get away with it.
“I can hear him too.”
* * * * * *
I took a deep breath and puckered up and closed my eyes and leaned forward. I felt Billy’s lips touch mine and he began slobbering all over my lips and sticking his tongue in my mouth. The taste was a strong mix of alcohol and cigarettes. It was a painful thirty seconds. Keaton sat by and giggled under his breath the entire time.
Caleb thanks Erica for everything she’s done for him. He tells her adjusting to a new town and school was pretty scary for him. But with her being there, he said he could cope. Erica blushed. It was far from a confession but it was enough to strike a chord in her heart.
The morning began like any other. I woke up, brushed my teeth, and started searching for clothes to wear. It was a winter morning, and my room was dark, so I didn’t see your name on my arm.
I dipped my finger into the blood, and I traced two circles. Slowly, I completed the design, my hands shaking as I did so. It wasn’t perfect work. A computer screen isn’t the best place to draw, and blood isn’t the best thing to draw with. It was messy, but it was there.
I’m not going to tell you how he summoned these things. I trust you. I trust you more than anyone, but a thing like this belongs to the ground more than it ever will to the human mind. In the end, it’s sufficient to know that these things were not fireflies.
Years later I heard a rumor that the cameraman had actually burned and threw an empty card down the hole, keeping the one Dennett left. When I went to ask him if the rumor was true, it turned out he had disappeared some months prior much the same way as Dennett had: he went out camping alone, never to be heard from again.
One of the odder parts about Adam was that he brought less than half of the things he intended to bring. The kid participants, like the adults, get to bring 10 items with them, which they buy while at home, and we reimburse them for the cost. We get a list of these items before they come, so when Adam showed up with nothing more than a hatchet, that seemed odd. But he insisted that’s all he needed, and he didn’t even want the flashlight and pot we gave all the kids, though we left them on shore for him along with the rest of his items when we dropped him off. But the fact that he didn’t bring a sleeping bag, tent, saw, fish hooks and line, or anything else you’d normally see was odd.
Then he said something that made the skin on my arms prickle with imagined cold.
I had the house to myself, my parents were spending the weekend in Toronto, and I’d spent the day hanging out with my girlfriend. Up until I dropped her off at home later that evening, it was an ordinary day, as close to perfection as possible.
I screamed for my life, as I had done hundreds of times right before waking up in a puddle of sweat, but it was no nightmare.
I sat up for a little while reading as I always did before sleep with my blinds closed to shield my room from the city lights.
The end came about when a new strain of rabies rapidly took over the animal population. It was in the air, the water, the food. There was no escape. Humans used to keep animals within their homes as pets. This factor caused the end to happen much faster than it should have. A great number of scientist who could have created a cure for the destructive nature of this rabid disease, had perished long before humans could even understand it. The animals had become wild with rage, killing anything they came into contact with. The animals who survived infection began attacking other creatures, and it wasn’t long before the earth was covered in red. A cure has never been created.
The ticket taker motioned to Kent. “I was referrin’ to your dad there.”
Another strike of lightning and I see what’s happening. I’m not just snipping the hair—I’m snipping my flesh, too. For some reason, I don’t register the pain. Something inside me must have short-circuited. Mind and body aren’t connected. My hand keeps going.
“I don’t think I can kill anyone,” Kent said as he swung the pistol around in a cumbersome manner.
I slinked off and tried to wait for Katie, but another teacher snapped at me to move along. I stopped and gaped at him. It was my physics teacher, Mr. Claeys, who had seen me every single day for two years, and now he wouldn’t even look at me.

I’ll spare you the bubbly, saccharine questions I had to ask the woman to get her to speak with me. It’s all part of the job. What I learned was that the screaming had started at sundown. Apparently, she thought it was her “noisy neighbors” again and called the police. It had taken two hours and three more calls before Dale responded.
This has gone on a little long, maybe. But I want you to understand. There has to be some kind of record of this because if I kill myself or I die or God knows, someone has to know I didn’t do anything, that this happened to me. You can understand why I haven’t gone to the police – they’d put me in a bughouse, write me off as some crazy drunk. Or worse, blame me for her disappearing. A partner with a few drunk and disorderly arrests, a few DUIs, a history of alcoholism – perfect suspect in a disappearance, right?
Part 2
But sometime around day 3, things started to get a bit weird for Timothy. He had been lying down in his shelter, just talking to the camera about whatever-and-whatnot when there was a rustling just on the other side of the wall. It clearly startled him; he jumped up and did the usual “HEY!” toward the sound, and then silence, listening to see if it was still around. “GET OUT!” he yelled out, and you could hear whatever-it-was scramble away.
Elliot’s mouth drooped open in shock.
Except he didn’t attempt to unmask the mannequin. Once he got close enough to my bed, he instead began to lower himself to the ground, to look under the bed.
There’s always something inherently eerie about living in the forest, in complete isolation. You almost always assume the worst when you’re on your own surrounded by the thickly wooded area, it’s almost like time doesn’t pass the same as it would anywhere else, like the edge of the woods was a portal capable of transferring you to the unknown the moment you placed your feet on the soft dirt. As if the vegetation is closing in on you the further you get from civilization. It’s not an ideal situation for most, so you can imagine my feelings when I had to move into one. Allow me to explain, because you’ll need some backstory to understand the depth of what I’m going to say.
“This show is very bad!” I shouted.
“Well, I need to get this done,” he replied defensively, gesturing vaguely at the tiles.
“You don’t know that, Amy.” Her voice was sob-filled and tears were streaming down her cheeks.

We take off in the direction of her doctor’s office. I pray I get there in time, no red lights and no accidents. I get to the pink and silver cross and pull over, the contents of my stomach emptying themselves down the side of my car as I rushed out of it. I open the back door and grab the elephant from Brynn.
“So what did you do with Brown’s body?”
She was vividly dreaming…a tall man in a top hat and a fancy coat is standing at the foot of a grand stone staircase, beckoning to her. There is something unnerving about him – unnatural – but alluring. She steps closer and closer and when she gets near to him, she sees that his face is made of nothing but burlap. He reaches for her, urging her to ascend the stairs towards a regal looking brick building….
On several occasions it zoomed in on my brother, whoever was behind the camera seeming to be focused on him. I stared at it, a chill running through me. How long had they been filming us for? How long had they been following us, watching our every move? How long had they known about us before Ms Kismet had met with my brother?
“How did you know I was awake?”  Her voice was dry and cracked and, before she could ask for water, he had positioned the flight suit’s drinking tube into her mouth.  The water tasted fine even though she couldn’t help but think about the fact that a portion of it was her own reconstituted urine, much as she did every time she drank.  The flight suits were equipped with ten gallons of water and an advanced filtration system for the astronaut’s urine which would stretch the ten gallons into the fifty or sixty that they would need to stay hydrated on the trip to Olympus.

I spent what seemed like days on that fucking red-line train. Days. Listening to the whale-song of the screaming baby and the Tuba solo of the brakes. Where ordinary voices were frequency-shifted out of my audio range, smells didn’t seem to be affected. I never became nose-blind to the body odor, the stench of the train’s brakes, and mélange of farts and other smells wafting through the metro car.
A fierce wind was blowing as Luke began on foot to walk the twenty miles back to Godstone. Wrapping himself tight in his overcoat he willed himself down the roads and lanes of London, thanking God that it was at least dry that evening. The wind hissed in his ears and stung his face as he marched undeterred towards Gwen. Luke loved her more than anything, he would gladly endure ten times the distance, ten times the cold and far more beyond to be with her, to hold her in his arms and know she was safe. How terribly he missed her, how long were the days and weeks between his visits and how quickly the time went when they were together.
“Hey, turn down the music for a second!” yelled the clown. A girl wearing a Wednesday Addams costume adjusted the volume on a pair of speakers set up in the corner of the room. “Everyone, just shut the hell up!”
“You should stop looking for what you have lost.” Kent was a little confused. As far as he knew, he hadn’t lost anything. “Haven’t lost anything? I assure you, you have.” She looked directly into Kent’s eyes, giving him a shiver.
I figured since I had accepted and stopped trying to fight it, that they would at least humor my request and just tell me why they were doing this to me.
“What?” My voice sounded like a child who just heard the monster under their bed talk.
Roger looked down at himself and didn’t move for a beat.  He then tilted his head back up, and Mark could see that the smile had returned to full strength.  “I guess they are, aren’t they?” he said, and uttered a quick bark of laughter.  With that, he turned around and strolled back around the bar to the stovetop, where smoke was starting to rise from a pan.
And I waited.
“Yeah, because that’s what you really want me to go get for you.”

Mark stopped the car for a moment to make sure he could see where to drive down from the road.  The snow was covering everything, and it would be easy to mistake a ditch for a driveway.  As he did so, the lights inside of The Silver Line suddenly turned off, and he caught some brief movement near the front that might have been the door opening.  “Oh fuck,” he said, and made a gamble as to where the driveway was.  His car tilted to the right as his passenger-side tires briefly left the paved roadway, but then found purchase.  He drove down into the parking lot, the Datsun sliding briefly as he brought it to a stop midway between the road and the building.  There were a few other cars in the lot, covered in snow, but they were on the far side and Mark had been in no danger of hitting them.  It was very dark now, with only his headlights and the dull red glow thrown by the neon sign above.  Through the falling snow, he could see a figure moving under the front awning, just outside the door.  Mark tapped quickly on his horn twice, and the figure stopped.  He turned off the Datsun and the engine died, shuddering, and then Mark was out into the snow, legs and back complaining at this exertion after so many hours in the car.
Her lights went out.
Physically, the trauma emaciated her. Mentally, it caused her to become disinterested in things she usually liked. And she often spaced out. Every night her parents tucked her in and reminded her how much they loved her. She would pretend to fall asleep fast as to not worry them.
I saw you today. It was your birthday. You didn’t see me. You hardly ever do these days.
“Leave me alone,” I tell them.
“I’m looking for my son.” He gave his voice a tinge of aggression in an attempt to show no fear. “Have you seen a little boy?” The man looked down and sighed as he stepped out onto the porch, closing the front door behind him.
As I listened to her, the last three months started to make sense. Particularly why she’d never let me stay over. I’d been more than happy to give her space but this…
“Well, that’s a relief,” I answered.
With that said, the labor pains started. They were stronger than Amber had expected and far more painful; although she had fully intended to give birth in the house, her wails of agony quickly frightened Lara into calling an ambulance. Amber was rushed to the hospital where she gave birth slightly over eight hours later.
I’m so happy I met you, even if you don’t remember me.
With the exception of the chair’s, there were others. I had barely walked in the door and I was already terrified. It was at that moment that I knew something wasn’t right. I didn’t even think as I automatically tried to open the door I came through. It was locked from the other side.

I searched forever looking for her: in the barn and in all the pens. Even though Daddy had told me not to, I started checking around the woods. Just as I thought about giving up, I found another one of the pigs outside its pen. Somethin’ had cut into good. It didn’t have a head and all its insides were on the outside in a ring of innards around the corpse like a Christmas wreath around a ham. I went back in the house to tell Daddy, like he said I should. When I walked in, I saw Daddy carrying Sarah-Beth out of Momma’s room. She was bawlin’ and cryin’ her little eyes out, and Daddy gave her a several whoops on the face with an tattered boot for going in there. He put her in the basement for a little while to learn her a lesson. I told Daddy about the pig when he got done lockin’ the door.
A couple days later from there I got a phone call from Chris saying that it took them a little while (they found nothing on the county website) but they found some history on the house at the town library (on something called a “reverse directory”) about a previous owner who had it in the mid-80’s. After a few unanswered phone calls, we decided to visit these people in person. So, that Friday, me, Chris, and his father drove to their house and knocked on the door, only to be greeted by two 80-something year old women. Chris’s father told them that his family was living in their old house and asked if we could ask them some questions about it. They refused to let us in their house but they did tell us about the house.
Maybe that was the cause. Could it be that his own enthusiasm, his own overwhelming urge to learn, was the reason for everything that came later? I hope not. Dear god, I hope not.
I read the books, with the list of names side-by-side, reading it again for every page of the book. You scoured the internet on the library computers, on the lookout for articles about the people.
“I could see why that would be hard to focus! Hopefully, we can do something to help improve your work, okay? I just need to speak to your parents out in the hall for a minute and we’ll be right back in. Don’t move a muscle!”
“There are twenty-two life forms currently alive on this ship.”
It could be that my translator made her sound more elegant than she in fact was because this particular observation was fairly astounding and left me with a deep impression which I have pondered over for a long time since that day.
As you reach the end of the room, you’re confronted with a choice. A fork in the path. Two different hallways leading different directions. You think for a moment, and choose the left path, but as you begin to enter the hallway, something makes you jump.

It never reached that moment. On our next visit, we showed up to an empty camp – no shelter, no fire, no remnants of food or someone having lived there at all – the only thing left being the camera gear strewn about the forest floor. A simple note hung from the tree that used to hold up his structure. “Going now. Watch and you will follow.”
On Day 22 all the news outlets ran with a new headline. A clue to the origins of this bizarre epidemic had been found on the blue space rock that brought the first symbiote to Earth. On the inside wall of the hollow blue stone was a mysterious set of symbols that could not have been created by human hands. Shockingly, the symbols were all ancient Hebrew letters. Those Hebrew letters formed words and the message was clear. BE GRATEFUL FOR THIS GIFT. IT IS BOTH WARNING AND BLESSING. USE IT WISELY. KNOW WHO I AM AND REMEMBER MY LAWS. Under this message was a line of golden Hebrew letters that spelled out an unmistakable name: YESHUA HA MASHIACH. The Hebrew name for the Savior – Jesus Christ. That night, J and millions of other people across America had vivid dreams and visions about the symbiotes providing a path for humanity to make the world a MUCH better place and bring an age of enlightenment and about the Rapture, Tribulation, Great White Throne Judgment. Some of the dreams were beautiful and others were horrifying. Everyone who had these visions and dreams saw and experienced all of the same things in their sleep. J and all of the other random symbiote-fused random Americans who had this experience were moved and compelled to tell those who didn’t have visions what they saw that night. The message and warning these dreams carried seemed to be that it was either the symbiotes or the End Of Days and that many would have been left behind after the Rapture to endure the Tribulation and thus the worst seven years in history, with hundred-pound blood-red hailstones mixed with fire raining from the sky, rivers and lakes turning into deadly poisonous blood, unimaginable horrors at the hands of the Demon Beast, and a foul plague worse than any currently known illness on all those who chose to take the evil shape-shifting Beast’s mark. This vile disease had horrifying symptoms. Fevered madness, gut-wrenching stabbing stomach pain, bloody vomiting and diarrhea, black and green necrotic lesions, unbearably painful festering boils and sores filled with oozing, reeking, disease-spreading green and yellow pus that attracted flies and fat, wriggling, flesh-burrowing maggots with horrific hook-like mandibles, and frequent infestation with lice, ticks, and flesh-eating worms and revolting black leeches that can kill in an absolutely repulsive manner were just some of the ghastly symptoms of this awful disease.

The man’s face was still the same, a wide smile on a façade of skin. He stepped forward, the loose hands flopping around as if dead. The others grasping each other to hold some semblance of place. Sparrow didn’t move. In the distance of her ear, she could faintly make out the voice of Henrinson, a muffle of words that trailed off into a laugh. This was a funny situation, after all, the absurdity of the abomination before she let loose a chuckle from her once-caged lips.
I never did anything to anyone that could warrant this kind of vengeance. No crazy people in my life or insane ex-girlfriends, none at all. And if this had been a case of mistaken identity, or misdirected revenge? I could never get any of it back.
“Hey!” he shouted, “Everything okay?”
A couple weeks later from there, me and Chris had gone to the movies with his girlfriend (I think he was trying to get his mind off the tapes because I could tell that he was still creeped out). We were talking about how much the movie sucked (Spiderman 3) when Chris slammed on the breaks. We practically skidded about 30 feet and I was choked by my seatbelt and his girlfriend, who wasn’t wearing a seatbelt, was almost thrown into the front seat. We started screaming at him, asking him what the hell he was doing when we looked at what he was staring at and saw a house. It looked familiar to me but I couldn’t put my finger on it. I looked back to Chris and he said “that house is on the tapes“. Then I remembered, one of the houses that Butcherface had watched people come and go from was right there, not 20 feet from us. We knocked on the door but no one answered so we decided to come back later. When we got back to Chris’s house, I noticed the VCR hooked back up to Chris’s TV in his room. I asked him about it and he said he’d been watching the tapes again for any clues. No wonder why he was still creeped out. That night, when I got home, I got a phone call from Chris. He was whispering and said that he thinks he saw someone walking around his backyard.
“No, his hair used to be gray, there’s a difference. Trust me, I notice these things. Who else but me knows about that dent on the back of your head?”

I’m not even sure at this point honestly. I can’t think straight. I have seen things no parent should ever have to see. Who is that little girl in the dress? Why is this happening to us?
Knowing he’s safe and relishing the feel of his hands on her arms, Erica calms down. Soon the two teenagers were swimming and splashing at each other. For the first time, Erica was genuinely having a good time without a care in the world.
We sat at inside his office at his computer and plugged in my drive. There were files that existed under correct names from the drive, but all information on them was corrupted. Still stunned and at a loss for words, I looked at my supervisor. He was staring at the screen with his hand on his chin. He got up from his chair and closed his door, directing me to sit on the other side of his desk. When I sat, he explained the classified nature of Crossroads establishment, which was experimental travel testing in regards to the use of wormholes for instantaneous travel between two points in deep space. Certified CFA agents had been sent with the emergency response team to survey certain information from the bridge computers and meters that would confirm a theory that ICC research specialists had devised. This theory would confirm the existence of alternate realities, and the ability to travel between them.
“Don’t get your britches in a bunch, mister,” said the waitress. “This here a small town. We don’t get many problems. If we do, we handle ‘em ourselves.”
The town was laid out in a circular shape, with rows of houses revolving around one central building. There was no grass anywhere in town—dirt clouds drifting in slow motion. Time seemed to stand still. Kent could feel Brian nearby. It was the strongest gut feeling of his life. He clenched his fists and stepped into the village.
As I grew older, I never outgrew my Counts or my overwhelming desire for even numbers. I continued to kill the people who messed up my Counts. Natalie, when I was 14 for being the seventh member in my English group, Caleb, when I was 19 for being my third roommate, Marcus, when I was 22 for always leaving out TV volume on an odd number, Sheryl when I was 24 for sending out 17 or 13 or 15 emails every day, and 12 other people who irritated me. I learned to get creative with my kills since I needed to make them look like accidents or make sure the bodies would never be found. Sometimes I would hit people in the head hard enough to kill them and plant props to give the appearance that they slipped and hit their head. Other times I would slip poison into people’s food which would cause their organs to shut down and not cause any suspicion on an autopsy. One time, I hung a person while they were still alive to make it look like a suicide. I never left any evidence until my 19th and final kill.
“Not without my son,” Kent replied, insinuating that the man standing before him might have taken Brian.
“It’s an ‘insane asylum’ of course it’s haunted. Have you ever seen a horror movie?”
Carol spoke again, even weaker this time, “Please bring him home.”
“I think we need to, Brian, we—“
  It was a clear night in a small community near San Francisco, California when a mysterious blue light was seen by several residents as it fell from the sky. The next morning, a none-too-bright man in his early twenties went to check out the field where the strange blue object landed and found a small crater. A shiny blue stone about the size and shape of a football lay in the center of the shallow crater and the curious local, a high school dropout who still lived with his single mother – who had never married or been in a committed relationship for more than a week, thought the stone might be worth some money. To his surprise, the space rock suddenly split open and released a slimy, shiny black goo. Rather than leaving immediately, Antonio Mansa, who was like far too many of San Francisco’s residents, barely literate, unskilled, and yet another typical product of the San Francisco public school system, got closer. He should have run when the meteorite cracked open. The gooey black thing that came out of the blue stone was actually a parasitic symbiote, and it suddenly latched on to Antonio’s left arm and crawled under his shirt. It released a toxin that made its new host forget what just happened as it entered his body through a small cut on his shoulder and Antonio wandered back home in a drunken stupor just as he would on most other days when he didn’t have enough drugs in his system to make a bull elephant hallucinate for a week. And thus Antonio became Patient Zero. The parasitic pandemic that would change the world forever would start with him.
“This is car 23b calling in. Officer Henrinson speaking.”
It was a Friday afternoon and their last class just ended. Caleb taps Erica’s shoulder and whispers to her ear.

I answered with, “n-nothing dad. I.. i just had one hell of a nightmare.. but its ok, im ok.. its all alright now.”
That sentence instigated the trip to Vera’s Vintage. Amber had been playing roommate to Lara for barely a week and she was already in the mood to redecorate. Lara’s apartment was small and cramped but it didn’t need to be anywhere near as bare as it was. Lara worked nights stripping under the moniker “Lithium” and she slept in the everyday – leaving her with little desire to make an effort to search for home goods. Amber, unemployed and insanely bored, was desperate to add some flare to her surroundings and Vera’s Vintage was the ideal location since it carried some seriously strange – even sinister – items.
And my fingers went through it.
This had to be a coincidence. Sure, I was probably SpriteShark’s biggest fan, but my username didn’t give any indication of my actual name! I wasn’t sure what to think… It had to be a coincidence. There was no other answer.
“No… I… I went to apartment 1230.”
“Okay, thanks, Moreen. Talk to you in a bit.”
I took the elevator downstairs, and walked up to the night doorman. Too frantic for pleasantries, I asked him, “Who lives in apartment 1030?”
“Hello? Is someone there?”
I understand that I likely committed some very dumb mistakes early on, but please try and see it from my perspective: I was alone through most of it all in these last 6 years, and every time it happened again, I started functioning less and less like a normal person.
Mark took a long drink of coffee.  It was strong and black, and it felt amazing going down.  As it reached his stomach and he turned his attention to the dish, he almost forgot about Roger.  It had been a long damn day, and he needed this.  The meat appeared to be strips of pork.  Not chops, or at least not cut like chops usually were.  Mark didn’t care.  It smelled great, and after cutting off a piece and biting down on it, he realized it tasted even better than it smelled.  The pounding in his head was already starting to ease back, and he felt the fog in his brain clearing.  Good lord, this was just what he needed.
* * * * * *
It’s one thing to be involved in a freak accident or even a fight.
Upon saying this, the man released his hands from his sides and carefully rolled back the sleeves of his coat. What he revealed scared Luke to his now palpitating heart. His once frost numb feet were now set ablaze with each and every synapse burning with palpable terror running through his whole body. His stomach clenched itself, his arms and hands became stiff and contorted as he fought the bile rising to his throat.

“Mr. Myers! Chief of Security. The Army man!”
“Hey, you’d better get up here. They’ve called out search and rescue. She’s reported a man screaming in the forest.”
I start the car, turn on some tunes and head down the road. It’s a beautiful day and for once I don’t mind driving. I get to spend it fantasizing about my forbidden day time nap I get to take later.
“Mr. Claeys? What’s going on?” I asked, immediately embarrassed by how squeaky and terrified my voice came out. “Why aren’t we being sent home? Where are the sick kids going? Why –”
A few years back, I worked as a nurse in the geriatric unit of the hospital in my hometown. There was one old woman there with pale blue eyes whose mind was still fantastically sharp, and her desire to socialize and make new friends set her apart from most others living in that wing of the facility. That woman and I soon became close for this reason. Her name was Yana, and I still miss her every day since she passed.

“No, I can’t sir. All I know is that it was… underwater. There was green light everywhere, and black things swimming down below me. It all looked so real… like I was looking at pictures.”

I said no, even though Daddy said liars went to hell.
Maybe you’ll put me out of my misery, once and for all? I considered doing it myself plenty of times, but since you’ve been through all this trouble already I figured I might as well wait for you to wrap it up.
The doctor wanted to smile. He wanted to whisper words of encouragement to the delusional man. He wanted to scream, but the nerve filaments wrapped around his head and into his eyes made him do otherwise. His body walked into the cell like a puppet, and told the pa[MESSAGE BEGINS]
We checked each kids’ tapes and didn’t see anything nefarious from any participants. None of the cheating we sometimes see or wandering off too far was happening. Even if the kids’ camps were closer than the adults’ camps usually were, we’re still talking about miles of dense forests, creeks, rivers, and mighty hills between them. So we were fairly certain it wasn’t a kid.
“He, The Great Dreamer, He, who tends to the Great Old Ones, He who would bring about the end of man. His followers be everywhere. They see all. They hear all. Nowhere is safe from them. Not even the seas”.
“Why are you saying this? Just calm down, alright? Let’s try and figure this-” And then I saw it. The David sitting down was wearing the same clothes as me, except for a small red patch on his shirt embroidered with the number nine.
Something wet dripped on her cheek.
I bought a laptop and used the dark web to hire someone to protect me.
“Hang up and try again.”
Julian: What’s the point of asking questions that don’t have answers
She decided to uncover the origins of the doll; beginning with the history of Opal, the deformed child who she believed it had initially belonged to. Opal’s life did not have abundant records like those of many other freaks, but diligent Googling eventually revealed the whole strange, sad, story.
“Um… yeah.  Wife and a kid.”  He was having a bit of trouble following the sudden changes in the conversation.
“You don’t want any?” he asked.
“I see,” said Earl. He looked away from Shawn and back to his papers.
I turned back around and tried to put my hand back through the wall, and it wouldn’t go through. “Okay, what the fuck?” I muttered. I looked back into the room. There were no windows, no doors, nothing on the walls— other than that disgusting wallpaper, of course— it was completely empty, aside from a singular plastic blue school chair. At this point, the only thing going through my mind was fear, and the repeating thought of “I need to leave” on loop in my head. I started running through the rooms, desperately trying to find an exit, but to no avail. There was no exit.
“No, it’s ruined now!” she yelled.  She slid the propane stove to the edge of the counter, and swept the remaining bacon into the sink with the fork.
And then there’s us. The unfortunate ones who “wake up.”

This is Captain William Brinkman of Boson Fleet Nova transmitting for record. I’ve locked myself in the transmission locker. (Captain Brinkman starts crying) It devoured Cole and Sax. It ripped them open and ate them like they were nothing. It came out of nowhere and chewed Juna’s head like a dog eating a bone – a fucking bone! (he starts gagging, gulping for air, followed by puking) I wanted to help, but it was too fast… and I was too scared. It’s eyes…
“What’s underneath?”

Washing the mop on my head takes over an hour. It gets knotted and unruly as a nest of snakes. Then there’s the procedure of removing my facial hair. It’s like plucking staples. I grow a full-on porn star mustache, so deep-rooted my top lip goes beet red after a painful session with the tweezers, and afterward, I have to dab off dots of blood.
But now the snow was stopping, and Jake sat on the couch and watched the last of it as it drifted down from the blank sky.  He was still looking for the school bus, but it was more out of habit than anything at this point.  There were no tire tracks on the road, no footsteps or animal tracks either.  Just an unblemished white that was as high as he was tall.  Besides the dwindling snowflakes, there was no movement outside, no sound, no nothing.
I started freaking out and panicking as my vision gradually turned to black, threatening to make me pass out at any given second.
“I don’t think I’ll be able to stay here tonight, but could you give me a hand reaching something? I think there are some extra blankets I can use. They won’t mind.”
“I think they’re just hikers. No need to be worried. I think they are just…” I couldn’t think of a good reason for why they were acting like that but wanted to assuage her fears. “Well, let’s just try and figure out what they’re doing and if they need help. Just don’t go outside, okay?”
“Hey, what the hell?” Jake’s dad shouted.  He stood up, angrily.  “Why the fuck did you do that?”
I didn’t have many friends, but one of my closest was a guy in my town named Chris. We’d met over Runescape back in the day and followed each other around since then. He was about five years older than me and was a bit more into anime than I was. He always made his characters look like some girl named Makiko Shimizu. Still, Chris was always there to listen to my problems. I could come to him about anything at all and he’d always have a solution.
“Lean in,” said Billy, confirming my suspicion.
“It just doesn’t sit right with me,” said David. “I mean, this guy… he had it all. Pulling in millions, kid’s a superstar on the ball court, wife’s a knockout. And then he goes and offs himself?”
“– You don’t think I’ve tried to get help before?” she demanded.
Ok, got it. This is Captain William Brinkman of Boson Fleet Nova transmitting. We’re on an exploration and retrieval mission for Tula 13. We’re scheduled to arrive on the planet in thirty days, but in the last fifteen hours we’ve encountered major problems. We’ve lost twenty percent of our fuel, and there’s only enough food for fourteen more days. Even if we stretch it, it won’t be enough. Someone will starve to death. And…
Once I made sure he was secure, I turned him over, so I could get a good look at his face.
My phone rings, speaking of, it’s Reena calling. She had told me to call her after the appointment was over and I had forgotten. I quickly try to think of a somewhat acceptable excuse while I place Brynn in her crib. Coming up with nothing and mentally exhausted, I answered the phone.
“You are cordially invited to the wedding of Michael Carten and Tina—”
“Fuck twelve!” Billy echoed.

I work at a small grocery store stocking shelves. I work through the day and partly in to the night, usually getting off work around 10-11 PM.
I awoke to the wail of a nurse. Bolting up, I could hear her running down the halls in a panic. Tossing on something just so I was dressed, I ran to her. She had fallen against a wall and was wide-eyed and shivering. I asked what happened and all she did was point a quivering finger to Mr. Brown’s room. The door was cracked open, but there wasn’t enough light from the window in his room to illuminate anything from where the nurse and I were. I stood up, turned towards the door, and took a step forward. The door handle was cold, the result of air conditioning chilling the metal without anything nearby to warm it. As the door opened, I could make out the bed that came in every room. The sheets were gone.
I’m your goddamn puppet! You killed whoever I was supposed to be! Whoever I should have been! You killed me, and replaced me with whoever the hell I am now! I’
Keaton stood up in the car and leaned out with his arms resting atop the driver side door. He peered at us.
Mark was taken off guard by the man’s voice and demeanor.  Stammering a bit, from both the cold and from his confusion, he replied, “Um, sort of.  I’m trying to get to Boulder and must have taken a wrong turn a while back.  I was hoping to get directions and a cup of…” but he stopped when the man threw his head back and started laughing.  It was high, like his speaking voice, with a little squeak in it.
“I need to know who lives there!” I said, raising my voice.
“What’s going on?”
“Huh?”
I’ll just get the doll if I don’t have enough for everything, Amber thought…and she would slip the doll into her back pocket and walk away with it if need be. She had never wanted anything as badly as she wanted that weird, creepy, deformed doll.
“So, unlock it.”
It was on the wall, right in front of me, over my bed, hung like a painting. It had one limp hand draped, with boney, serpentine fingers, just above the clock, and its skeletal body cast an eerie glow into the dusty haze that had formed around it. I could feel Half-and-half’s muscles tense up in my arms. I took a pace forward, feeling a pearl of cold sweat slink down my brow. Its massive bulging eyes pinpointed directly onto me, tracing my movements, and its starchy white hair drifted lethargically across its decayed visage, that maybe at one time appeared human. From behind rows of cracked teeth, water pooled up and sluggishly dripped onto my bed from its maw, which now hung painfully agape and unnaturally crooked to one side. I silently passed closer to the radio, casting my face away from the translucent apparition. The woman’s chatter turned into furious shrieks, and I slapped the radio off of the nightstand, unplugging it in the fall.
The lights in the hallway flickered. It felt like the floor was getting darker by the second.
Luke drew a quivering breath. He held it for a moment in an effort to steady his voice.
I didn’t see anything. Well, anything noteworthy. On the screen was a picture of a clearing somewhere in the woods.
“Literally anybody.”
Exploring further, Kent thought he saw something move, but it was just his warped reflection in the funhouse mirrors. He continued cautiously past the bouncy bridge, past the moving floors, past the rope net, until he came to a spinning corridor. Kent could see light coming from an exit at the other end, but the hypnotic effect of the lines painted on the cylinder corridor created a vertigo effect. He tried to turn back yet had no idea where he was anymore.
I never made it out to the high school. By two o’clock, there were a dozen voices screaming throughout the town. I was right that rumors of what was happening reached nearby news agencies. They descended on the town without even the politeness of locusts. News vans dotted downtown. Along with the out-of-town news came out-of-town police. Sheriffs, State Troopers and even a few cars from nearby towns and cities came to “lend a hand.” I’m told that the FBI even sent out a unit, though they never arrived. They were turned back when, just as everyone was arriving, just as TV cameras were setting up to record the sounds, just as other reporters were getting ready to deliver their news…it stopped.
I stop at what seems to be the hundredth stoplight (even though it was really only the third). Tom Petty’s velvet voice comes across the radio so I reach down to turn up the volume. The light turns green and I start to accelerate, humming along and excited to get to her grandmother’s house.
Coco: I said it’s fine! Can we just get back to the news?
I remember holding the firefly in my hand. I remember how it struggled, until it didn’t. Until it was a part of me.
I must’ve been making a face – and rightly so, how goddamn revolting – because Richard, a guy I usually sit beside at this meeting leaned over and asked if I was alright.
“YOU FOOL, WARREN IS DEAD!”
During all this, she spent most of her time in her room, sleeping or listening to music.
Sarah-Beth was tryin’ not to step in any of the glass, “No, Daddy.” Her head was already bleeding.
“And I ain’t selling or renting them to no one…especially not some half-wit little pervert with more money than sense.”
I knocked again. Nothing.
With full strength, I yank it.
Sorry! That’s not a registered user!
The skin had been removed in a surgical manner, in precise measurements, and even had Arabic markings around them indicating the exact time and dimensions of the incisions. And, presumably to prevent her from screaming in pain, Khawlah’s lips were sewn shut.
I thought I’d taken enough steps to guarantee that I’d make it to the next day in one piece (or rather, without losing any more pieces) but I was wrong.
We heard footsteps as Mr. Claeys and the other teacher walked away, and then silence. Katie and I fell into a stupor, our heads still leaning against the door. We sat like that until the sky darkened.
I didn’t say anything. Instead, I pulled the truck over against the curb in front of the office. I put my hand on her leg before she could climb out and waited until she was looking at me before I spoke, “I’m here Kaylee. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere. What the hell else do you want from me? I just…” I paused and looked my girlfriend in the eyes. “I feel like you shouldn’t be able to be that afraid when I’m there. I should be protecting you. I’m supposed to make you feel safe.”
I couldn’t answer. Nothing made sense.
After reviewing the footage of the interview and hearing more of the voices pleading for help, some with impenetrable screams, some of the crew left the production camp, refusing to work any further. We didn’t know what we were dealing with, but we felt like we were in danger. We also felt like he was in danger, but we didn’t know how to deal with that, either. At the request of the remaining crew, we flew in a local pastor, but even he didn’t last through one viewing of the latest tape. He demanded to get out – now – especially after his Bible suddenly and mysteriously turned damp and black, so much so that it was as if an entire jug of ink had exploded in his backpack, but got on nothing else. We had to copter him back to civilization that same day.
Estimated reading time — 4 minute
I put in one final push as I threw myself at the door of the computer room. I felt Tracer’s fingertips brush against me, and looked back to see what was happening.
“I’m sorry to have to ask you to stay on the surface,” he said, “but it would be a crime to let anyone with your frail nerves go down there. You can’t imagine, even from what you have read and from what I’ve told you, the things I shall have to see and do. It’s fiendish work, Carter, and I doubt if any man without ironclad sensibilities could ever see it through and come up alive and sane. I don’t wish to offend you, and heaven knows I’d be glad enough to have you with me; but the responsibility is in a certain sense mine, and I couldn’t drag a bundle of nerves like you down to probable death or madness. I tell you, you can’t imagine what the thing is really like! But I promise to keep you informed over the telephone of every move—you see I’ve enough wire here to reach to the centre of the earth and back!”
I was a kid back then. I wasn’t a particularly smart kid, and I was probably on the onset of a crush. So you can excuse what I did next as an example of my childhood stupidity.
“So say it.”
As he dragged her through the living room, he considered an idea. It was the best idea he ever had.

But, the human body under conditions of mortal danger is capable of feats that are unimaginable to the calm man. The seconds were flying past, and Amani was running out of breath. The hill was a stone’s throw away when Sayyid called out with a megaphone “THIRTY SECONDS LEFT!”
“Man, perfect song right here,” said Keaton. “So…funky. Okay, let’s let Amy start. Amy, truth or dare?”
Turning back towards Ted, Jon’s eyes snapped to the knife. His limbs went stiff and he couldn’t move. Ted turned, sweeping his hair out of his face, and started to cut a shallow incision around his bald spot. Using both of his hands he slowly peeled off his face, like a molting snake. Splitting his skin at the shoulders, Ted sluffed off the translucent husk until there was only a silhouette of raw muscle standing in the middle of the room.
I was a person.
What was unusual was that everything else – the yellow lights, walls, and carpet – had all seemingly vanished in an instant.
I was still in the house. I was standing in my family room but I was in room seven. The faces of my parents smiled wider as I realized this. They weren’t my parents; they couldn’t be, but they looked exactly like them. The door marked eight was across the room, behind the mutilated bodies in front of me. I knew I had to move on, but at that moment I gave up. The smiling faces tore into my mind; they grounded me where I stood. I vomited again and nearly collapsed. Then the hum returned. It was louder than ever and it filled the house and shook the walls. The hum compelled me to walk.

I almost fell for it. I really did. I doubted myself for the longest time. In the end, though, it was all too perfect, too flawless, and too real. The false Amy used to come every day, and then every week, and finally stopped coming altogether… but I don’t think the entity will give up. I think the waiting game is just another one of its gambits. I will resist it for the rest of my life, if I have to. I don’t know what happened to the rest of the world, but I do know that this thing needs me to fall for its deceptions. If it needs that, then maybe, just maybe, I am a thorn in its agenda. Maybe Amy is still alive out there somewhere, kept alive only by my will to resist the deceiver. I hold on to that hope, rocking back and forth in my cell to pass the time. I will never give in. I will never break. I am… a hero!
“Sara, could you tell me if you remember hearing anything?”. She looked around the room as she thought.
“I don’t know what’s going on here,” said Kent, “but my son is missing, and this man seems to be missing someone too. Let him speak.”
“Break up with me.”
Jake looked around for a minute, not seeing anything.  He was turning to get off the couch and go back to bed when something caught his eye.  It was on top of the snow, just at the edge of the window and to the side.  Jake hadn’t seen it at first because he had been looking past the snow, not at it.
“Amy, what was that sound?” asked Julie, in denial.
You said it was alright. I could go home. We’d talk about it in the morning.
I’m glad Amy’s the only one that responded to me after last night’s frantic pestering of everyone I could contact. She’s been my best friend for years. She doesn’t know it, but I count the day that I met her among one of the few moments of true happiness in my life. I remember that warm summer day fondly. It seems a different reality from this dark, rainy, lonely place. I feel like I spent days sitting in that playground, much too old to play, just talking with her and hanging around doing nothing at all. I still feel like I can go back to that moment sometimes, and it reminds me that this damn place is not all that there is… finally, a knock on the door!
“No, no…” Emily sobbed. “Please, no! Do-”
But as the dreaded date loomed closer, doubts and anxiety found a way to cripple me all over again. In doing so, it gave way for all that mental and physical fatigue to set in, accumulated from nearly a whole year’s worth of traveling around.
“My backpack–” Jake said.
My dad glared at me in a way that effectively relayed his meaning. As such, I complied.
“I’m bulletproof. Go ahead. Kill me.” The android’s weary voice continued. “You aren’t the first to try.”
“Yes, that’s going to be quite the story. So, you’ve seen our ocularly-blessed friend outside?”
“Oh god,” I said. “I’m so sorry. I had no idea.”
‘Camilla the gorilla’ enters my ears from every angle, so I cover them. Someone’s pulling my arm. Must be my sister. She pulls my hand away long enough to whisper, “C’mon, let’s go.”
Property of Interstellar Colony Collective Investigation Archives
But then, all of a sudden, that feeling hit again. Panic, worry, dread… all rolled into one uncomfortable sensation that caused my skin to crawl.
I smile, thank her and take her advice. Just as I get her out and sit down with her the door opens. “Michael Hollander and baby Brynn, we are ready to see you now. Come on back to room 4 with the white and yellow clouds.”
“Past where the river bends…”
The latch clicked shut, and Jake was suddenly alone in the dark, silent world.  He stared at the door, confused and scared.  The breath he pulled in was cold, and he could feel his tears tracing frigid tracks down his cheeks.
I heard the front door click, a sound that I knew meant it had now been unlocked. And so the final showdown began.
After nine days the first of them started screaming. He ran the length of the chamber repeatedly yelling at the top of his lungs for 3 hours straight, he continued attempting to scream but was only able to produce occasional squeaks. The researchers postulated that he had physically torn his vocal cords. The most surprising thing about this behavior is how the other captives reacted to it… or rather didn’t react to it. They continued whispering to the microphones until the second of the captives started to scream. The 2 non-screaming captives took the books apart, smeared page after page with their own feces and pasted them calmly over the glass portholes. The screaming promptly stopped.
Hanging in her tongs is a wad of dark, bloody hair. My eyes follow red beads traveling down a strand into the tray beneath—a pile of hair tangled in blood.
“Well… I don’t know. Have you ever seen one?”
Jimmy spun George around in the barber chair and looked straight at him. “Me neither, but that’s what he said; little white strands hanging from webs. It was strange the other day. Sal comes in here for a haircut every two weeks like clockwork. I don’t recall him ever going longer than two weeks without one, but when he came in here the last time he looked like he hadn’t been in the shop in a couple of months. His hair was a lot longer than it should have been and it was stark white.”
I didn’t bother trapping any of the windows, because they are all far too small for this man to fit through. If he wants in, it will have to be through the front door.
“Alright make sure this mess gets cleaned up. Call in the rest of the security team, ask them to come in. We have to find her.”
That’s a new one. “You have a what now?” I was about to laugh, but she was wearing a deadly serious expression.
Collin: But couldn’t they have put me in the back, I have a degree in computer science you know?
“Android units recalled after sensory module errors cause artificial paranoia,” it read. I saw the logo of the company that made me in the picture below it and shuddered. I hope they never found me. I looked at another headline. “Fourth victim of murder spree found.” My eyes widened, and I read on:
Amber shrugged. “Doesn’t matter.”

“At my building,” I sighed. “Just feeling cooped up. I didn’t realize it was so late.”
“Sure we can,” Kent assured his son, whose eyes brimmed with hope and enthusiasm. Little Brian ran ahead towards the ride as his father walked quickly behind. It was one of those old, rickety coasters that won’t keep you from falling out unless you hold on for dear life. Kent was always too scared to ride them as a child, but as a father, it was his duty to be brave.
After driving for another half an hour or so i finally came across what looked like a lot of farm land, and ranches. The road became more rugged, and dusty. It soon became a desert. Eventually I came across a flickering sign that read “Jack’s Motel.” I figured i would call it a night and get a room for myself to get some rest before continuing any further on the road to nowhere. I pulled up into one of the few empty parking spots and shut the car off. Before getting out, I took a good look around and didn’t see a single other car, so i wondered if anyone was even inside the motel. It did seem to be in pretty rough shape but that wasn’t going to stop me from taking shelter there for the night.

It was getting darker, and soon would be too dark to see. Kent couldn’t have known there would be no moon that night. Darkness wasn’t a particular fear of Kent’s but it was making him anxious knowing he was in such foreign surroundings. The sky’s crimson backdrop was fading to black as Kent came upon a small clearing. He decided to sleep there, lest get lost in the night. The insects chirped a soothing song as Kent drifted off to sleep, holding the picture from his wallet.

The Ambien didn’t make me sleepy. Not at all. Instead, it must have had a severe cross-reaction with the experimental drug I took this morning. I was bounding down the second flight of stairs, moving in slow motion, but still making perceptible progress. Then, wham – everything stopped.
Why were they being singled out? What had they done? Were they going to be killed? Horror stories, told in whispers when the soldiers were out of earshot sprang, unbidden, to Amani’s mind. There was talk of sadistic lieutenants who often kidnapped, raped and murdered young women from enemy towns and cities. A particularly gruesome rumor about one of these incidents suggested that a soldier had once raped a girl in front of her parents and then forced her to choose one to die.
“No. But I had to cover one of Maddison’s night shifts one time. And I swear I kept hearing noises from the West Wing. Not footsteps or stairs creaking but, like, screaming and crying. I know that stuff like that isn’t uncommon in a hospital, but this was different. I don’t know how but it was. It was only me and a couple of other nurses and Dr. Jansen. I tried to talk to them about it but they acted like they had no idea what I was talking about. But I swear it’s true.”
I heard all about the class for the first few weeks of the semester. For his whole college career, Isaac had been more than happy to spend time with his mother and I, and to regale us with stories from his time at school. We were so proud of him. I was so proud. But in February, something changed. His talks grew shorter, and colder, and soon stopped altogether. By early last month, my son seldom left his room while at home. When he did, any conversations we had were stilted and awkward. A wall had grown between us, and I couldn’t understand it.
“A doctor? I thought you cared about me?”
“That-that’s just your cat.”
The man’s screams didn’t change or lessen as I walked across the road. Now they seemed to come from every direction. They were joined by the yells of the search and rescue teams as they cried out for the man to tell them where he was.
I wasn’t strong enough to get myself and Remus to the surface, so when it was my turn Remus would kick with his leg to help. One day we were playing the game, and it was my turn to swim us to the surface. Down we sank, our arms by our sides as we submerged into the deep end. I could feel the pressure in my ears as we hit the bottom of the pool. We sat there for a moment, looking up at the strange twinkling the sun makes upon the water. When my breath was close to running out I raised my arm and made a stroke towards the surface. We bobbed a foot or so off the bottom, and with my left leg I kicked out, pushing ourselves off the tiled pool bed, but we didn’t move. My lungs were starting to hurt now and I knew we needed to get out from under the water.
I had no idea if they would help, or even believe me; I knew that I wouldn’t if I was them. But maybe they would agree to let me stay there or something.
A flash of white.
I jumped back and picked up my scalpel. I made a deep slice along the right thigh and pulled up the skin. More nothingness. I repeated the procedure on the left thigh to the same result. My hands were shaking and my mind was in blank shock – my mind was as empty as the body in front of me. Nothing could explain this.
She drew up her dress to wipe her nose, “Bet that’s what got Dougie too.”
*
I eventually called for help, and to say it was a total shit show doesn’t even come close.
Only this time I would be ready.
Whatever had gotten into the pen had managed to open the latch, but by the time we got there, it was gone. Some of the pigs were still crawlin’ over each other to get out, though. I went straight to the trough where I had laid our sister. The blanket was still there just as I left it, but June was gone. I stared in shock and disbelief, and I could see Sarah-Beth dartin’ her head back and forth from me to the empty manger.

I guess having your patrons lose body parts without a good enough reason would be bad for business.
“Moreen?” I sounded distant from myself. Click.

It wasn’t just the squealing subway train that was three octaves lower than normal. All sound was slowed to the point of near inaudibility. Voices were gone, shifted below the threshold frequency of my hearing. I did manage to hear a screaming baby on my subway car – her shrieks slowed to sound like whale songs. Sharp sounds like a car horns and trucks bouncing over potholes were low, muddied roars like distant thunder.
My jaw dropped. As I watched, as I filmed, she cut deeply into her own flesh, blood beginning to pour from the wound. She lowered her hand to within reach of the starving animal and allowed the dog to lap at the blood now trickling from the fresh cut. After a while she would withdraw her hand and repeat the process, cutting into her hand and then her arm, slicing deep wounds into her skin and letting the dog drink her blood.
The peak of the epidemic was reached in August. West and I were almost dead, and Dr. Halsey did die on the 14th. The students all attended the hasty funeral on the 15th, and bought an impressive wreath, though the latter was quite overshadowed by the tributes sent by wealthy Arkham citizens and by the municipality itself. It was almost a public affair, for the dean had surely been a public benefactor. After the entombment we were all somewhat depressed, and spent the afternoon at the bar of the Commercial House; where West, though shaken by the death of his chief opponent, chilled the rest of us with references to his notorious theories. Most of the students went home, or to various duties, as the evening advanced; but West persuaded me to aid him in “making a night of it”. West’s landlady saw us arrive at his room about two in the morning, with a third man between us; and told her husband that we had all evidently dined and wined rather well.
Many of the hands suddenly went rigid, outstretched and reaching. The erection had made its appearance. They were Inviting her with gestures and their own hypnotic pull, flicking their digits around. Some convulsing and twitching, asking Sparrow to come closer. The eyes hidden beneath the tangled limbs were fixed upon her. Not the gaze of a pervert; a possible hunger was in them, but nothing so sexual.
I got in my car, like a monster, and drove, weaving across the road. When I arrived, I flung the door open, my mind and body overtaken by the alcohol. I looked into the room, and even through my drunken haze, it registered that something was very, very wrong.
“Ggaahgg, jeez son what has gotten into you?”
“Now don’t worry about that, baby. Did Sarah-Beth remember to latch the pen today?”
I drop the plate.
“Awesome! It’s not too far from your place actually, so if you hate it you can just, you know, leave.” I raised an eyebrow.
And at the end of the day, when I first thought of it, all I really wanted was for him to stop crying so much.
“I don’t know, I’m just the mediator.”
“I don’t want to go down there! And I want to stop talking about this.”
David Williams,
The road was now a path, overgrown in some areas, making progress a little difficult. Kent felt as though the forest was watching him—with malice, perhaps. He could tell that no one had walked this path in quite some time, which bothered him in a way he couldn’t quite understand. As he traveled further, the trees gradually went from grand and full to sad and lifeless. The sunset was in full effect now, but Kent wasn’t sure he wanted to rest again just yet. He changed his mind upon spotting a building among the branches.
Another shrill whine, somehow louder this time, and I jumped to my feet, threw the remote across the room, and screamed some profanities at the wall.
I have been active duty for 4 years and have completed 23 failure assessment missions, and I have never experienced or observed anything like what I am about to describe in the following report.
“The police, huh?” a gruff old man grumbled. “You have an accident?”
I sat out there for a long time, breathing, trying not to throw up, waiting for my hands to stop shaking and my mind to clear. When I finally got the nerve to go back inside, to go back to that bathroom, the water was drained from the tub and there was a carving on the door, near where that thing that looked like Kelly had been.
Collin: That doesn’t answer my question.
“My apple.  The one in my backpack.  I ate it a few days ago.  I need one to bring to school.”
Our location from the station was approximately 3000 parsecs, so we were required to take a hyper-extended rest two days into the warp acceleration. We awoke again two days from arrival, as is routine. I was debriefed on some of the finer details along with my team members on the nature of our assignment not long after we were awoken.
So in the end, what i had experienced was nothing more than a dream. But i have never had such a strange, surreal, and vivid dream ever before. Maybe my subconscious traveled somewhere, or something someone experienced was shone to me in a dream. Whatever it was, i was just glad it was over. As the days went by, more and more of the nightmare faded from my memory and i continued my everyday life as normal. The one thing that never left my mind, though, was the motel. The owner, and how he raped and killed me. It was all too real and i just couldn’t shake it off. At night i could never fall asleep, i just stare at the ceiling and wait for monsters to come out of the darkness to eat me, but they never do. My dad had me start taking zquil and other sleep meds but it didn’t help much. Ill never have another sound night’s rest after that dream..
The guards picked me up, and hauled me off as my hysterical laughter bounced off the walls. I didn’t care. It didn’t matter what happened to me. Justice, such a rare and precious commodity in our world of cruelty and torment, had finally come to Tabib Al’alam
I wasn’t sure what they were talking about at first, but I started to get a really bad feeling.
I looked back up at the thing on the horizon. It had turned, and was facing my direction now. As I stared at it, it looked down towards the ground.
The feeling in my stomach as I read that tag was something sinister. I wanted to throw up and the last thing I wanted to do was remove that knife from under that chair. The other David was still sobbing uncontrollably. My mind was spinning into an attic of unanswerable questions. Who put this here and how did they get my name? Not to mention the fact that as I knelt on the cold wood floor I also sat in that chair, sobbing in protest of being hurt by myself. It was all too much to process. The house and the management had been playing with me this whole time. My thoughts for some reason turned to Peter and whether or not he got this far. If he did, if he met a Peter Terry sobbing in this very chair, rocking back and forth… I shook those thoughts out of my head; they didn’t matter. I took the knife from under the chair and immediately the other David went quiet.
Mason wiped a hand over his face and brow. I don’t have time for this, he thought, but he knew he had to comply with the computer’s algorithm: name and rank first and foremost, this way the computer knows who it’s talking to and what certain classified information it must conceal to lower-ranked personnel.
It was about a quarter past eleven when I shut the book and turned out the lamp.
“Quiet down, now!” a voice barked. I hadn’t even realized that my voice was escalating in panic. The room started to swirl and I couldn’t slow down my breathing. Oh my god, was I getting sick? I’m going to die, my brain was screaming. I’m going to die, I’m going to die!
“Go ahead Kanagi,” he pressed.

“My daughter. They took my daughter. They took Charlotte!” cried the sickly man.
The shorter one looked emaciated. I could see their rib cages, around which their… their eyes! God, their eyes! So small, so red.
“So… about showing me the bedro-” She was interrupted by Shawn’s work cell. He was both relieved and frustrated to hear the ringing but answered it nonetheless.

Kevin’s perturbed expression shifted to one of outright incredulity.  Seemingly the dumbest question he’d ever heard, the boy shrugged and threw up his arms.  “Because they’re on fire, daddy.”  His tone was deadpan serious, bringing involuntary laughter from both his dad, who was there, and his mom, who wanted to be there more than anything.  It broke her heart to think of the special days she had missed spending with her husband and child: the birthdays, holidays and anniversaries; but that was part of a price that they all, as a family, agreed to.  The bottom line was that they were both so proud of her that those things were easily forgiven.  Most six-year-olds would throw a fit if their mother didn’t attend their surprise birthday party but Kevin spent his bragging to the invited classmates about his amazing mom: Laura Hillman…the astronaut.
I calmly asked for paper and a pen, day in and day out, until it finally gave them to me. Not that it matters. What am I going to do? Poke my eyes out? The bandages feel like part of me now. The pain is gone. I figure this will be one of my last chances to write legibly, as, without my sight to correct mistakes, my hands will slowly forget the motions involved. This is a sort of self-indulgence, this writing… it’s a relic of another time, because I’m certain everyone left in the world is dead… or something far worse.

I stopped in the street, hands slack at my side and tilted my face up to the skyscrapers around me and the blue sky above them.
“Dad, let me go in, please? Those other kids are going in!”
Then he turned and walked away.
I wake up, again to my phone ringing and once again I let it go to voicemail. My heart is beating so fast that I can hardly catch my breath. I am very much still in the situation my mind was just put in. No surprise, it’s Reena again. Or… maybe for the first time?
It wasn’t long after that that I came home to find my front door open. I walked up the front steps and saw that the door was swung open, only hanging on one hinge. It being dark out, I flipped the light switch just inside the door and it didn’t come on. I went around the house to the shed in the backyard and grabbed the most menacing thing I could that was near the door, which was a pitchfork. Going back to the front door, I pulled out my cell phone and called 911. After making the call, I cautiously entered the house making sure the pitchfork was in front of me. I crept up the stairs and got to the nearest light switch and flipped it, but this one wasn’t working either. I came to the conclusion that the power was cut. Using my cell phone as a flashlight, I got a look at the damage done. The leather couch had been slashed open with many cuts and the filling pulled out and the glass doors on the kitchen cabinets had been smashed. More than half the liquor bottles in the liquor cabinet were missing and the medicine in the medicine cabinet was gone. It all seemed very familiar. I mean, even my 13 year old dogs arthritis pills were taken.
The computer stopped abruptly, obviously done with its analysis. Mason was not satisfied. The entire situation didn’t add up. Where was everyone else in the evacuation? Why wasn’t he roused from his sleep by another engineer or his CO? Mason couldn’t leave the room just yet, he still had some questions for the computer.
“That’s her!” I said, pointing at the photo. “That’s the girl!”
“They wish for you to give your testimony to the rest of your kind. They wish for you to tell everyone of the human race the truth: There is life out in space. And they want nothing to do with you.”
“And you let them?” I yelled.
I’ve tried to assure her that it wasn’t her fault. “He knew,” I said. “I told him that nobody was ever allowed to look at it. He knew and then he broke into the bathroom. This is not on you, baby. Please. Talk to me.”
I was sitting in an AA meeting when I found the tooth in my pocket.
Nothing.
I began to run. I ran as fast as I could from whatever the hell was approaching me. I didn’t want anything to do with it.

I read a magazine. I turned on the television – I clearly saw each frame of video like I was watching a slideshow. Frustrated, I turned the television off.
I scrolled through, seeing some of what we were dealing with. Victoria had apparently seen a massive ram with eight horns storming through the hills in Scotland. Greg caught a guy in the middle of Atlanta that was disintegrating anything he touched. All small things, thankfully. Nothing too big, until this hurricane.
“Do not be afraid, Mason. They will not kill you. You will not die by their hands. However, I cannot guarantee you will leave this place in one piece.”
I have to travel great distances each day to stay alive. Something terrible had been created from Ginger, a beast. I don’t think anyone else has lived to see the next sunrise after the beast found them. Over the last two years the beast has followed me. Sometimes too close for comfort, and other times at a far distance.
“To the absolute horrors that exist outside your ship’s walls,” replied the program. “For too long, mankind has lived on his rock of solace called ‘Earth’. He has looked up at the night sky from time to time and wondered what lay beyond the stars. As religion gave way to science, man has shifted his thoughts from the idea that life outside his planet was impossible to a distinct possibility. But years later, after decades of space exploration and colonization, man has not found any significant evidence of alien life. Until now.”
My fear of the image quickly turned into annoyance and frustration. My girlfriend, Alice, with whom I had been living with at the time, was very supportive and did her best to be there for me any time I had an episode, but what she did was of little help as well. After I had wasted much of my time and most of my money with doctors, I began to see the image less frequently. It became easier to brush off the whole ordeal as a weird reoccurring hallucination. For a while, I was able to enjoy entire nights of sleep again.
“It might be too late for that.  I don’t think the school will want an ungrateful child like you.”
When I woke up, the other agent was sitting at the desk, talking over the radio.
“I said ‘truth’.”
Someone did this on purpose, Amber thought. She immediately understood that she had to have it. She took the box to the front of the store, prepared to haggle for a good price.
My wife dismissed it as senioritis, or a long-overdue display of teenage pique. I was not so sure. My boy was perfect. He was beyond such things. She and I agreed that, if it continued past spring break (the first spring break he had ever spent away from home), we would talk to him about it. We WOULD get our son back, she said. And I believed her. I really thought I could do it, that no matter the problem, I could overcome it.
“I think this one’s better,” he said. “Besides, she won’t put up a fight.” He leaned toward Julie’s ear. “You agree?”
I loved Daddy back then, “How long is Sarah-Beth gonna be down there this time?”
Room 1 this way. Eight more follow. Reach the end and you win!
I woke up to a pair of swirling green eyes, peering at Kaylee out of the dark at the foot of her bed. He inched toward her and I saw a black shell that glistened in the dim light from the window. A mane of white hair stood up on top of a face that nearly human except for a hooked, witch’s nose. He reached out with a tiny hand and a clawed finger and touched Kaylee’s foot. She groaned and rolled over in her sleep and he jerked back in surprise.
“Doesn’t sound like too dangerous of a job…” I still wasn’t sure. I kept expecting to wake up any second and have this all be a dream, but the cold air in the room and feeling the Aberrations gaze shooting through the ground at me made it all too real.

The old woman shook her head and clutched her granddaughter closer to her side.
Scared for my life, I picked myself up and ran back home, faster than I had ever run before. I reclaimed my perch on the roof and carefully surveyed the property. Once I was sure I hadn’t been followed, I hopped through my bedroom window and climbed into bed, hoping that I dreamt the whole thing up; an adventure concocted by my imagination, running wild. I wished it were that simple, but wishful thinking rarely plays out in one’s favor.
“Oh my god…” was all I could come up with. The screams rang through my head, but after a short while there was one less. I looked up at Matt as the background was now quiet. “Is everyth-”
“You okay there, mate? Do you need me to…?” Luke yelled.
I can still hear, in memory, those coolly spoken words; and I can still remember my remonstrances. I seemed desperately anxious to accompany my friend into those sepulchral depths, yet he proved inflexibly obdurate. At one time he threatened to abandon the expedition if I remained insistent; a threat which proved effective, since he alone held the key to the thing. All this I can still remember, though I no longer know what manner of thing we sought. After he had secured my reluctant acquiescence in his design, Warren picked up the reel of wire and adjusted the instruments. At his nod I took one of the latter and seated myself upon an aged, discoloured gravestone close by the newly uncovered aperture. Then he shook my hand, shouldered the coil of wire, and disappeared within that indescribable ossuary. For a moment I kept sight of the glow of his lantern, and heard the rustle of the wire as he laid it down after him; but the glow soon disappeared abruptly, as if a turn in the stone staircase had been encountered, and the sound died away almost as quickly. I was alone, yet bound to the unknown depths by those magic strands whose insulated surface lay green beneath the struggling beams of that waning crescent moon.
“Oh, ok,” I said.
The computer blipped again and Mason realized it wasn’t done.
It hissed and screeched then all the others around started wailing and slamming the bars. They all wanted me, my flesh. I scrambled to my feet and started sprinting again. After another few minutes of running i saw what looked like a big black door at the end of the hall. I cracked a smile thinking it would be my way out but i would soon find out that i was mistaken.
I didn’t stay up pointing a gun at the door.
The colors of twilight borders into the distance. Erica stretches her back and as her palms supported her against the ground she touches something. Something long and plastic. She picks it up. A straw… Caleb’s drinking straw.

But then we got other strange reports from the kids. Some reported seeing another child far off in the woods, crawling around outside of camp or even looking at them, or, at least in one case, when the kid came back his camp, he heard some rustling at the edge of camp and the thing ran off quickly. But by the time the kid would go and investigate, the strange child or thing would be gone.
My heart drops and I rush to her. I pick her up and roll her over. She’s like a limp doll and her face is blue. I look over to the popcorn bowl. I try everything. I turn her upside down and hit her back. I try to put my fingers down her throat to remove the obstruction. There was nothing… nothing that I can do. It’s just her lifeless body and the pink elephant at her feet.
I guess I should have called the police but I confess I was not in a right state of mind. Morning came and I went to work only because I couldn’t stand to remain in the neighborhood. I looked at the neighbor’s driveway as I backed my car out. It was still damp and muddy water pooled along the curb. No blood. It was all just a product of my sleep-deprived brain, I told myself.
“Oh, I’m sorry. How rude of me. My apologies. It just isn’t every day that you come across a soul that despises the world so thoroughly.”
The girl’s bathroom. It’s just my sister and I. I’ve locked myself in a stall. From the other side of the door, she asks what’s wrong. I’m coughing. Something is stuck in my throat. My breath smells like parmesan cheese and the lining of my esophagus is rough as fish scales.
“I did them a kindness doc. He saw me. He saw them. I shot them each in the head. Over in an instant. It was merciful compared to what his followers would have done.”
“Yes. Okay. But Billy…he says he didn’t do it on purpose. Right, Billy?”
The ride home was horrible. It was only three metro stops, and in real-world time, it only took about thirty-five minutes. But in my drug-accelerated hyper-time, it felt like days. Days. Just walking out of the medical research suite to the elevator seemed like it took an hour. I sprinted out of the office, willing my legs to push me faster. But, the laws of biomechanics held me prisoner. As accelerated as my brain was, I couldn’t do anything to make my legs work faster.
Everything went smoothly the next day. The hurricane was gone, the tendrils disappeared. Seemed to be much slower. I actually managed to go a whole day without spotting anything.
But what if it didn’t?

I got chills. “You… you thought she looked like me enough to go into her apartment and talk to her?”

I rolled over and got to my feet. Everything hurt. I could feel my heart beating into my throat. I started trying to run but goddamn it hurt. I probably had a couple of broken ribs. Maybe a concussion. I’m amazed I’m still able to walk at all.
One night, my friend Chelsea came to my door, as we were going to spend a little time at my apartment before we went out on the town.
I saw them going through you, and coming out through your skin, like you were a mist to them. Can you believe I thought you were a ghost?
The camera fixated on some pictures of Tracer and her canon girlfriend, Emily, before looking back at her questioningly.
“How drunk are you?” I asked lightheartedly. “You know where I live.”
We lived on a modest hog farm out in the middle of nowhere with a not much more than a winter barn for the pigs and a rickety house turned all grey from the sun. The ground wasn’t good for plowing, but daddy had tried up until all the grass died out and the trees started to shrivel. We never saw nobody neither, but Daddy told us that there used to be a lot of people livin’ out that ways before we were born. Me and Sarah-Beth would run around the farm namin’ all the pigs and smacken’ ‘em into something fierce. They would howl and squeal. Daddy didn’t like that though. He took out his gun once.
“Just wax it off,” my sister says.
I know you will.
“They took her!” he cried, “They took her!” He fell to his knees, grabbing Kent’s pant leg and looking up at him meekly.
Collin: That doesn’t sound like a deal at all.
I pitched forwards, my high-speed mind completely unable to control my low-speed body. I drifted downwards for days, managing to rotate my torso enough to keep my head from impacting the ground first. I eventually landed on my right shoulder. At first the impact wasn’t even noticeable. Then I felt a slight pressure in my shoulder as it came in contact with the ground. The pressure grew, bringing increasing pain, for hour upon hour. My shoulder finally gave out, popping out of its socket with an endless sickening tug.
“We’re on it,” he said. “There’s something you should know though. The other three have been noticing much heavier activity the past few days. There seems to be an increase in Aberrations.”
Another said that the company went back even further, that there’d been something called Better Productions back before there’d even been silent films. Said her mother had told her stories that she’d heard from her grandmother who’d heard them from her grandmother. Some spooky bogeyman stuff about some performer named Elizabeth Walker.
“Past where they paint the houses… past where they paint the houses…”
“Please! I need help!” Kent vigorously jiggled the doorknob but it was no use. He desperately banged on the door, then tried to break it down but was too weak from hunger. Slowly collapsing on the doorstep, Kent begged the girl to acknowledge him. There only came silence in return. He rose to his feet and peered in the window. It was hard to see clearly through the filth, but there seemed to be something moving in the background.
“We’re trying to determine the exact conditions under which a person develops infection, gangrene and irreversible corruption. It has enormous practical benefits for soldiers, and civilians too, I suppose. We can know how to treat wounds with much better precision. This sort of experiment has been, understandably, frowned upon, but we need not be bound by morality here. She’s a Kurd, and, as I’m sure we all know, they are not human beings.”
“Uh…that multitool that you keep,” said Peter. “I think it went under the seat, I can’t find it…”
It was still there. It had just shifted to the other side of the earth, or maybe the earth had just rotated to the point where it was in a different position. It stood there, the same expression on its face as last night. I saw a plane fly by in the sky, barely brushing by the shoulder of the creature. It moved one of its many eyes to look at the plane, and a different eye focused on it as it moved by the creature.
That was when things got weird.
* * * * * *
As Mother hobbled into the hall, he looked up from his disgraceful position.
How can I be sure?! How can I know what’s real and what’s deception? All of these damn things with their wires and their signals that originate from some unseen origin! They’re not real, I can’t be sure! Signals through a camera, faked video, deceptive phone calls, emails! Even the television, lying broken on the floor – how can I possibly know it’s real? It’s just signals, waves, light… the door! It’s bashing on the door! It’s trying to get in! What insane mechanical contrivance could it be using to simulate the sound of men attacking the heavy wood so well?! At least I’ll finally see it with my own eyes… there’s nothing left in here for it to deceive me with, I’ve ripped apart everything else! It can’t deceive my eyes, can it? Seen with your own eyes don’t trust them they… wait… was that desperate message telling me to trust my eyes, or warning me about my eyes too?! Oh my god, what’s the difference between a camera and my eyes? They both turn light into electrical signals – they’re the same! I can’t be deceived! I have to be sure! I have to be sure!
“Oh.  Twelve.”
I began to laugh as they did so, and screamed at the corpse I had just made, “How’s it feel Sayyid? How’s it feel to be ‘just another face in the crowd?’ Just another dead man! Huh? HOW’S IT FEEL?!”
I and the crew of the CFA frigate “Aurora” were dispatched from ICC outpost Norma on a data recovery assignment to a fairly newly established planetary orbital colony. The colony station was named Hecate T-14-J, codenamed Crossroads. It is located in the center of the Scrutum-Crux arm, as the colony was testing the safety of locating closer to the center of the galaxy for reasons including radiation safety. However, my initial research before the warp acceleration revealed certain classified files that were above my clearance level. This was abnormal for me, as CFA agents have clearance to all failed colony information to assist with failure assessment (or so I thought).
Mark stayed where he was, assessing.  He could now feel the ache in his back and legs, and his head was throbbing.  He looked across the diner to the plate, and could see strips of meat on it.  The smell reached him, and in spite of his various aches and pains, his stomach grumbled.  The desire to sit down and the desire to have food, the first in probably six hours, were now omnipresent in his mind.  Was he overreacting?  Today had been a shit day, and he’d spent twelve hours in the car driving.  Besides, he was still pissed at the stunt that Amber had pulled earlier.  Wasn’t it possible that he was jumping at shadows, just a little?  He hesitated a moment longer, and then his eyes landed on the coffee mug.  That cinched it.  “Fuck it,” he said under his breath, and stumbled over to the bar, collapsing onto the stool.
They’d given him a business card which had nothing on it except for the logo (A cartoonish, childlike drawing of a frowning face) and the tagline ‘Making Better Films for a Better Audience’ along with a website address where they claimed he could purchase their titles for his store if he wished to help ‘Support independent art’.
“That’s good. I’m sure you know why I’m here. I just wanted to ask a few questions about the attack.”
Moving down the stairs as quietly as possible, so that the creature wouldn’t realize my intentions, I moved towards the entrance to the garage. When I saw the door, I caught a glimpse of something that made me start to cry with frustration and fear. The thing’s horrendous face and appendages pressed against the glass. I remembered shutting the garage door. I knew I had… hadn’t I? Maybe I had overlooked it the seven times I had checked that door, or perhaps the creature had managed to force its way in. However, debating this would not change anything. I was trapped, and the beast was there, grinning at me from my only escape route.
“Do you want to go to the bedroom?” she asked me. I liked her voice.
“ESA…why are you guys contacting us?”  His best guess was that they had some atmospheric questions or numbers for Daedalus to run for the unmanned supply launch that should be taking place within the hour.  Perhaps an update on the launch itself.  “Was there something we can help you guys with?”  There was an extended silence, which was also unusual.
Shawn heard the question Earl didn’t ask.
The man’s position lay between Luke and his path and though apprehensive of passing the foreboding figure, Luke pressed forward. As Luke near limping now approached closer, he noticed the man in most great detail: he was about six foot seven in height, possessing a huge frame with a wide chest and broad shoulders hidden under a dark stained oilskin coat. He had thick, rough, black hair at forehead length with big, scruffy sideburns. The man’s arms were at his sides and both appeared to be holding something thin and metallic. He also appeared to have larger metallic objects protruding from the sleeves of his coat. Perhaps Luke thought he had been injured upon noticing the wet, glistening, red liquid on the man’s hands as he walked closer. Forgetting his aching legs he hurried to the large man.
As he walked up the dirt road, Kent’s face was warmed by sun rays coming through the trees—his ears serenaded by birds, insects, and the movement of the river. It was almost peaceful despite the worries swarming in his mind. Would Brian be down this path? Had he been taken, or just ran off? If so, why? He kept thinking that he may be walking away from Brian, rather than towards, but he just couldn’t turn around; the sickly man’s words wouldn’t let him.
You seen anyone face to face lately?
Her entire hand was almost through! It seemed so unreal just looking at it…
Part 1
I had always been exceptionally tolerant of West’s pursuits, and we frequently discussed his theories, whose ramifications and corollaries were almost infinite. Holding with Haeckel that all life is a chemical and physical process, and that the so-called “soul” is a myth, my friend believed that artificial reanimation of the dead can depend only on the condition of the tissues; and that unless actual decomposition has set in, a corpse fully equipped with organs may with suitable measures be set going again in the peculiar fashion known as life. That the psychic or intellectual life might be impaired by the slight deterioration of sensitive brain-cells which even a short period of death would be apt to cause, West fully realised. It had at first been his hope to find a reagent which would restore vitality before the actual advent of death, and only repeated failures on animals had shewn him that the natural and artificial life-motions were incompatible. He then sought extreme freshness in his specimens, injecting his solutions into the blood immediately after the extinction of life. It was this circumstance which made the professors so carelessly sceptical, for they felt that true death had not occurred in any case. They did not stop to view the matter closely and reasoningly.
Collin: What do you mean the other one? The… the…
“I see,” he said and shuffled his papers. “Well, let’s get down to it. I have to say, your resume is quite impressive. Five years Security Specialist in the Air Force, one tour in Iraq, Bachelor’s in Applied Science of Criminal Justice,” Earl removed his glasses and put the resume on the table in front of him. “Seems to me like you’re a little overqualified to be a security guard at a hospital. What the hell makes you want to work here?”
Julie immediately shot out of the passenger seat and leapt over to the middle of the road and hopped up and down like a jackrabbit. She waved her arms around and yelled “Hey! Hey! Over here!” repeatedly.
A laugh came from behind the woman, and Shawn bolted up to see a middle-aged white doctor approaching. Shawn stood bewildered as the man grabbed the old woman’s shoulders and walked her into the third room away–all the while she kept hollering.
“Seriously, it’s almost 4 pm. It’s open until 5 pm. If you get your ass up now, we can make it and maybe I won’t go insane and slaughter us both.”
“I’m well, sir. Thank you for asking.”
“Did you…?” I asked, desperate to know.

“What they’re going to do to everyone. Why make one ultimate soldier when you can make millions through the miracle of cybernetics? Of course, you aren’t meant to find out. There’s a device in your head that deletes the memory of seeing the wires and computer chips if you get injured in the field. It works for seeing other people’s injuries too. I just shot straight through it. If I had shot you in the leg, you’d have forgotten there was any injury at all by now.”
“Well,” she said with a sarcastic thinking face, “I guess I could stay for a little while.” She excitedly hurried to the door, and Shawn let her in.
Kent lost his patience. “Just tell me where the police station is. I need to go there right now.”
No one knew how they spread so quickly. In ten days half of the American population was affected and trapped for life in mega-muscular black symbiotes that completely covered them up to their chins and earlobes like J. Amazingly, civilization had NOT collapsed like J and many others initially thought this might cause it to. Society continued to function almost as if everyone was simply ignoring what had already happened to at least fifty percent of the people in every state in the mainland U.S.A. with many also affected in Alaska and Hawaii. J was dumbfounded but at the same time glad America hadn’t gone down the tubes, though California seceding from the union to become its own country the day before the symbiotes were first noticed in it and a few other states wasn’t doing that former state any favors. The Democratic Republic of California or DRC was facing several severe crises that had nothing to do with the symbiote outbreak and many of its wiser residents were now former residents living in neighboring states to avoid giving up their status as US citizens. Those still in the DRC were facing food shortages, drought, rampant crime including a murder rate ten times that of the worst state that was still part of the U.S.A., a failing economy, and various struggling social programs that were doing more harm than good, provoking increasingly violent protests that had already caused major destruction and dozens of deaths in several cities. For some reason few people were symbiote-infected in the DRC and no reports of “unclassified biology altering parasites” or UBAPs as the media called them had yet come from any other country. J was still adjusting to his new symbiote-stuck life.
I tried to trace the call. So did the police. But there was nothing to trace. There was no evidence my phone had ever received a call around that time. They analyzed phone records, incoming and outgoing communication to my phone… nothing.
“For how long?” I whispered back. “Yeah, we’re separated, but we’ve all been exposed. Just you wait, pretty soon someone in the “healthy” room with us is going to start spewing. We can’t stay away from it. Katie, we’re all going to get it, we’re all going to die! We need to get out of here!”
“Don’t! You can’t understand! It’s too late—and my own fault. Put back the slab and run—there’s nothing else you or anyone can do now!” The tone changed again, this time acquiring a softer quality, as of hopeless resignation. Yet it remained tense through anxiety for me.
Tracer’s request made me realize that there were no women in my life aside from her. Maybe that was a blessing. I needed a stranger. I needed someone I could get to my place without any issues. It would probably be easier that way. So I started thinking about who nobody would miss. The answer was honestly pretty simple. I’d buy myself a whore.
Returning to the room where I was storing Mr. Brown, I heard him shrieking. Most of it was garbled, but I could make out the words “water,” “him,” “scared,” and “sea.” As I wheeled him to my office, I noticed that he would go silent whenever lightning flashed, as if in anticipation.
I was happy not to have my story published. It’s not the kind of thing that I want my actual name tied to. But, I’m not happy to leave the story untold, though I don’t have much of an explanation for what the town heard.
Soon enough though, I began seeing them again. Not on anyone else, mind you, but on me; inside me. I would see them every single time I closed my eyes. Those eyes stared back at me from inside my own eyelids now. Those eyes were so red with blood pumping veins. Those piercing pupils digging into my mind. They were so perfectly round as if the organs themselves had been ripped out of someone’s head. I saw them constantly now anytime I ever closed my eyes. Anytime I blinked, they were there. Anytime I tried to sleep, they were there. Anytime my eyelids could no longer fight against their own will to rest, they were there.
* * * * * *
While I myself cannot come to a definitive conclusion about what I experienced on Crossroads, I acknowledge that what I have recounted was something unlike anything experienced before. I am a woman of the mindset that the universe and its mechanics are explainable by observable evidence. But what I went through was beyond my understanding, and will remain that way.
He waved his hand. “No, no. Not mutilating. I was revealing the potential underneath the surface. ‘Wisdom comes through suffering.’ I’m a novelist with the scalpel. I’m telling a story. And every story needs a good villain.”
I shook off the remnants of my latest nightmare, trying my best to discern what was going on around me. In doing so, I was surprised to find that I recognized most of the voices. They were classmates, friends, members of the football/cheerleading teams and otherwise. My guess was that they had come as a courtesy visit to their ailing classmate. I didn’t appreciate the gesture. I didn’t want them to see me like that: broken and bloody, an empty shell of my former self. It didn’t matter that most of my wounds and scars were bandaged up. Under their piercing gazes, I felt like they could see every disgusting inch of me. If I could have moved in that moment, I would have bitten through my own tongue.
I froze. The pitter-patter of what I imagined was “rain” could be faintly heard if I listened carefully. I had to see what it was; I couldn’t live with myself if I didn’t discover what was out there. With every step I took, my feet felt heavier. I cringed at the drawn-out creaking of the shoddy flooring. The television’s blue light illuminated part of the room, and just enough so I could see a few feet out the window. I flinched when a light suddenly turned on, temporarily blinding me. The motion sensor.

He hung up the phone and walked Riley to her car. “I’m sorry about this. I still hope you had a pleasant evening.”
Now before you go getting the wrong idea there was never anything incestuous here. My brother was just a bully, a little tyrant who enjoyed bossing people around and I basically became his personal servant. He would belittle me and everything I thought, said or tried to do. Any time I tried to build myself up, he’d tear me down and make me feel like I couldn’t accomplish anything on my own, couldn’t even survive out there without him.
When I get home I take Mom’s kitchen shears, the ones for cutting meat, and lock myself in the bathroom. Thunder shakes the house. The power cuts.
“H-h-… h-help m-me…”
It wasn’t an absurd amount of money, but it was enough to have fun for a few days which was all I wanted.
Paige obviously said yes when I asked her to the dance. The next two weeks and five days went by painfully slow as all I could think about was controlling the numbers. Finally, though, the day of the dance arrived. My parents dropped me off at the school and I waited outside for seven minutes and 43 seconds. She couldn’t even wait a little bit longer to make an even amount of time. She really is the worst, I thought to myself as we walked inside. She was ecstatic that I finally acknowledged her and actually asked her to the dance. We reached the cafeteria, where the dance was being held and saw a dark room with loud music and sixth graders running around like animals. I always hated school dances because there were just too many things to count: the number of kids, the number of songs they played, how long each song was, the number of different foods they were serving, and so much more. I knew, however, that coming to this dance would be worth it.
“It is 8:27 p.m. on… ” My thoughts were elsewhere as I typed. For once, I failed to notice the sound of the typewriter.


“You fuckin’ serious, right now?” Keaton shouted in my ear. I felt little drops of his spittle hit my earlobe.
On the third night frantic bands of searchers, led by the police, captured it in a house on Crane Street near the Miskatonic campus. They had organised the quest with care, keeping in touch by means of volunteer telephone stations, and when someone in the college district had reported hearing a scratching at a shuttered window, the net was quickly spread. On account of the general alarm and precautions, there were only two more victims, and the capture was effected without major casualties. The thing was finally stopped by a bullet, though not a fatal one, and was rushed to the local hospital amidst universal excitement and loathing.
But every night was the same. Samantha would close herself in the bathroom – sometimes for an hour, sometimes for two – and clean the inside of her face. The curiosity never left me. I would sit there and wonder what was under that face. I came so close to barging in on her a few times, but I never did.
Static…
Ending transmissions for Boson Fleet Nova.
“Right,” she said. “Ok, have to go, good luck with your work!”
And then had come the scourge, grinning and lethal, from the nightmare caverns of Tartarus. West and I had graduated about the time of its beginning, but had remained for additional work at the summer school, so that we were in Arkham when it broke with full daemoniac fury upon the town. Though not as yet licenced physicians, we now had our degrees, and were pressed frantically into public service as the numbers of the stricken grew. The situation was almost past management, and deaths ensued too frequently for the local undertakers fully to handle. Burials without embalming were made in rapid succession, and even the Christchurch Cemetery receiving tomb was crammed with coffins of the unembalmed dead. This circumstance was not without effect on West, who thought often of the irony of the situation—so many fresh specimens, yet none for his persecuted researches! We were frightfully overworked, and the terrific mental and nervous strain made my friend brood morbidly.
Two days later, that Friday, I agreed to sleep over and see for myself. Chris was claiming to see glimpses of someone standing or walking around in his backyard but it was always too dark to see any detail, both of the previous nights. I was set up to sleep on a couch that was on the now re-boarded up hole we first found the tapes in. Very little sleeping actually went on that night because we stayed up in the living room, staring out the sliding glass door to the backyard. We were talking about how we weren’t even sure if he actually hurts people when Chris suddenly leans forward and points out the window and said “see! Right there. Do you see that shadow or something?” I jumped up and flipped the switch to the deck lights but they didn’t go on. So, we got flashlights and went out to look. Besides some tree branches blowing in the wind, we found nothing. At around 4am, we decided to get some sleep. I only stayed on the couch a couple hours because I got too cold because I felt a draft that I think was coming between the boards on the floor. I went home the next afternoon thinking the night before was a dud, until I got a frantic phone call that night.

I shivered, wondering if maybe there had been something out in these woods all along and that I and everyone else had just ignored it.
Fake, fake, fake.
The final dream was the most vivid. Amber had gone to bed tired, sore and swollen – three days past her due date. She had lain down, sure that sleep would be fleeting, but instead fell into a remarkably deep slumber.
I moved my hand to where he should be and felt it, the plastic of the bag which was tied around his head. With one hand I tore at the bag, ripping it apart and unveiling the stiff, pale face of my brother, his mouth still gaping from his final gasp for life.
“I know. But it’s okay, the doctors did a very good job.”
The snow had stopped about an hour ago, but god damn, it was still a treacherous road.  Mark turned up the radio, half to keep himself awake, and half to try to hear the music through the interfering static.  The mountains weren’t good for the signal, and even though all he could pick up was country, anything was better than listening to the rattling heater trying in vain to keep the car warm.  It was dark, he was tired, and it would be all too easy for the lullaby of the road noise to sneak up on him.  His ‘72 Datsun station wagon, now 15 years old and in dire need of a tuneup (or a replacement) wasn’t going to win him any awards, but he didn’t want to wake up with it smashed up in a ditch.  Or down the side of a mountain.
The line went dead. Fuck. What do I do? Dan couldn’t see it yesterday, and the emergency operator obviously hadn’t heard anything about it.

Techmictiznequi.
“Now,” his voice was slightly deeper than my own. “I’m going to hurt you. I’m going to hurt you and I’m going to keep you here.” I didn’t respond. I just lunged and tackled him to the ground. I had mounted him and looked down, knife poised and ready. He looked up at me, terrified. It was like I was looking in a mirror. Then the hum returned, low and distant, though I still felt it deep in my body. David looked up at me as I looked down at myself. The hum was getting louder and I felt something inside me snap. With one motion, I slammed the knife into the patch on his chest and ripped down. Blackness fell on the room and I was falling.

The beast continued to remain in my mirror until I reached a stretch of winding road. I kept my speed as fast as I could, too afraid to slow and give that thing the chance to gain on me even one step. My hope had been momentarily lost but the fact that at least two other people had seen it and got away made me feel a little better. Perhaps my luck had not waivered just yet. Glancing down at the gas meter, I knew I didn’t have much longer until I would have to find more gas or abandon the truck all together.
It all started about a month ago.
I shrugged. “Lots of stuff I don’t know. Don’t know how to do calculus, and I don’t know what happens when we die.”
The bed was nice and cozy and there was a smile on my face as I wrapped myself in new blankets.
To their surprise, they heard a single phrase in a calm voice response: “We no longer want to be freed.”
Letter by letter, I carved your name onto my arm.
I hesitated. How could I be sure?
Father’s Day
“The thing that will kill you is washing the blood off of its claws.”
The movie…
“We’ll be okay,” I said as I tried to stay calm. “It’s not like we’re on a desert island, or something.”
And, knowing that I would never mention this tape to anyone I knew, I whispered a few words to myself.
“How thick was it?” someone asks; I don’t know who. My sleeves are pulled over my hands, and my hands are covering my face, because I’m crying, but I’m trying hard not to blubber and make things worse.
Keaton looked at me with snide disappointment. “Was that punch in the face really necessary? Hmm? Alls I wanted to do was talk. That how your parents raised you?”
After a tearful minute of unimaginable contemplation she had picked her father. Smiling, the soldier had shot them both, and then raped her again.
“Please if you’ll follow me back into the main playroom I’m sure we can-” but she was cut off.
“‘Nother one of the pigs got out,” I told him.
No recording devices were allowed in the cell, so I was forced to rely on the oldest journalistic tools: the notepad and pen. That was fine with me. Whatever it took to see Sayyid and look him eye to eye. What sort of malice would I see in the black expanse of his eyes? What evil would I find wrapped in every movement of his arms, every twitch of his mouth?
It used to be harmless. It really was. When Karen and I first started dating, she would bite my lip, or nibble at my ear, or pretend to be a vampire and put her teeth on my neck. We were silly. We acted like a lot of couples do, but eventually it went too far. Sometimes she would bite a little too hard, and I would tell her to stop with a half chuckle, slightly annoyed. Then one time she drew blood, biting my chest when we were fooling around, and I yelled at her, “What the hell are you doing?!”
This one was male again. It was a piercing, repeating whine, like an animal in pain, but definitely human.
“I know, I know… It’s a lot. Trust me, I know. We can be picky. We can find… I dunno. Some tosser! It just has to be a woman, and it has to be done right, or else it won’t work.”
Erica held her breath. I-I need to save him. But he— his mouth, just looked so, so… disgusting. She takes a deep breath. One by one, she started removing them. She also noticed how some of his teeth were crooked. There are also yellowish. Did they always look like that? She never noticed that before. Probably because she only saw his beautiful brown eyes.
“Hell yes. I’ve been looking forward to this all week long. Y’all ever seen his house, before?”
“I’m sure. They had no idea what was happening.”
By the time I hit the ground, I had a plan. I would somehow get to the platform and throw myself in front of a train.
“Do not get on the plane.” A woman’s voice, garbled and strange, as if her vocal chords had been shredded, and she was trying desperately to choke out speech. Despite the unnerving, fractured quality of her voice, her tone was insistent and eerily calm. Then the call ended.
Last week, I talked her into going to see a doctor. She didn’t like the idea at first. Her parents took her to doctor after doctor when she was a kid and nothing worked, so she reasoned that nothing would work now. It wasn’t easy, but I convinced her that maybe medical science had made some advances since she was in pigtails and PJs.
“The bus isn’t going to c–” his dad started, but then stopped.  He looked at Jake for a moment, his expression irritated, and then softened a little.  “Your mom will make you something to eat.  I gotta go change my pants.”  He glanced at Jake’s mom and then turned and went out of the small kitchen.  Both Jake and his mom looked after him for a moment as he walked down the hall towards the back of the house.
“Kaylee…” I whispered, “…You should have told me!”
I stared back at Keaton with a look of shock on my face. I could not believe how far he had drawn this out. I glanced at Julie. She stared awkwardly out the window, probably just waiting for the situation to taper down. But it didn’t seem like Keaton was going to let it. Keaton snatched the flask out of Peter’s hand and took a big swig and then let out a satisfied ahh when he was done.
One night, a group of rebel soldiers broke down her door and corralled the family (her, her daughter, son in law and granddaughter) into a small area in the front of the house. Under cover of darkness and the threat of death or worse the family was forced to their knees without protest.
“No.”
The sounds emanating from that wretched door were like thousands of voices, screaming, tortured voices. Yelling in agony and pain as they were burning in hell thats all i could picture in my head when i heard it. I shook my head and slapped myself again, telling myself it was all a dream, and that i would wake up from this nightmare soon. But i new better.
* * * * *
I had lost all senses. I couldn’t feel myself. I couldn’t hear anything. Sight was completely useless here. I searched for a taste in my mouth and found nothing. I felt disembodied and completely lost. I knew where I was. This was Hell. Room nine was Hell. Then it happened. A light. One of those stereotypical lights at the end of the tunnel. I felt ground come up from below me and I was standing. After a moment or two of gathering my thoughts and senses, I slowly walked toward that light.
And because of this people had a snobbish perception of her. Sure she worked hard to be the smart pretty girl in class to make up for this little anomaly of hers. But she did not really have someone to call a true friend. Not one soul dared to be close.
Coco: Julian, I don’t think it’s a good idea to keep talking about him.
“You guys? What the fuck is going on? Can you please just stop being cryptic and tell me why the fuck I’m not crazy?” I was getting tired of all this runaround. There’s something really fucked-up going on, and this guy is treating it like fucking Sunday brunch.


Thank you. Truly.
“Mhm.”
“Uh, yeah, sure,” Kent replied, trying to seem convincing. He was having second thoughts, but it was too late for that. They were at the top now, and were about to descend. Kent felt the terror of that brief moment before the coaster picks up speed, then the fun began.
CHAPTER 1

“So, what’s the verdict?” Keaton asked with impatience.
Tonight, like other nights, her parents kissed her goodnight. Only after they had turned off the lights and left the room did Erica open her eyes. If only she could fall fast asleep, she imagined, she wouldn’t have to see Caleb’s lifeless body lying on the ground.
Most of the rabid animals seem to become confused easily, often giving up a search for you in a matter of seconds, but that thing stayed nearly 12 hours searching for me. Several times, its’ shadow blocked out the glint of sunlight from under the door and my heart raced as I was sure it would rip off the door and stick its vile face in to retrieve my shivering body….but it never did. It LET me go so it could chase me! Like a cat waiting outside a mouse hole, it waited for me to come out of the trailer and when I didn’t it left, but only far enough to watch me. It was already very dark out when I finally dare come out of the trailer. The big deasil was parked sideways, blocking the entrance to the highway that could take me out of the city. The beast was nowhere to be seen, not that I could actually see very far.
She began typing something into her keyboard.
The body was gone.
“Oh, my. And you live here all alone?”
“Why not? It’s not like she can hear us,” he replied.
Jake ran out of the bedroom, knocking his shoulder against the door jam in the process.  The screaming was coming from the living room, and he found his parents there.  His dad was holding his mom in a tight hug, restraining her as she was desperately trying to escape his embrace.  He was wearing his denim jacket, and his mom was wearing what looked like two pairs of pajamas.  They were in the center of the room, but she kept turning her head back towards the picture window as his dad tried to keep her from looking out.  He was making shushing noises and telling her not to wake Jake up.
Suddenly the scene jumped to a tiny bedroom. Amber – or Opal, as she seemed to be – was sitting on a bed. A tall raven-haired woman – Gemma – handed her a glass.
Peter obeyed. Once the car was moving, Keaton released my head. I leaned back up against the seat. Keaton kept his head turned and leered at me for quite some time. I stared out the window and avoided his gaze, but I could feel it burning into my outer vision. All I could think about were his last words. Let’s go to the shack. What was the shack? Probably one of their little hangout spots where they’d drink and roll up grass and bring girls to. And they were bringing a couple of girls there right now…
“Yes, I’ll tell the doctor. Please fill this out.”
You begin to approach the hallway, but then hesitate. You feel a sense of unease, but your curiosity gets the better of you and you continue down the hallway.

And so, Amber packed her child (children) into the car and headed back towards the carnival circuit. As she droveDid you know that, once introduced to routine, our brains are capable of accepting it to the extent that when something changes, it doesn’t notice? The change could be small and harmless, an object there that wasn’t, or something moved to another room that you would normally duck around on your way out.
Almost as if an answer to my plea, the meteor took a U-turn and fell from the sky like a falcon diving for its prey. I watched, astonished, as it passed overhead and crashed into the wooded area behind my dad’s property. Surprisingly, there was no sound, no explosion; just the rustling of tree leaves as it plummeted through the forest’s canopy. To make matters more peculiar, I swear I saw a red glow emanating from the crash-site, however faint.
Have you ever held your dying best friend in your arms and watched the light leave her eyes?
“Hi, Mr. Myers,” she said flirtatiously.
Looking back as I steadied the wings, I saw the capital ships drop out of warp, firing their massive railguns in a blinding cascade of light. I pulled the control yokes, and my ship jaunted forward, picking up speed as its mass dropped to nothing. Tearing toward the target as the taste of blood filled my mouth, I hit the triggers, firing my guns again and again with a thunk, thunk, thunk that shook the frigate to its core. Nearing impact, I bowed the ship down, tearing beneath a flame-wreathed tentacle at impossible speeds before cranking the ship up again, the sheer force threatening to rip my body in two. The warnings on the display flashed red, and I banked to the right as a massive, misshapen hand swept toward me. Keeping the ship level, the metal shook with power as I pushed it as fast as it could go, and sped straight between the ravaged flesh of two fingers. Pulling a sharp turn, an unbearable pain shuddered through my mind as the abomination warped and expanded, bending space as it threw off a shockwave of horror and grief.
There, I drifted, suffocating and strapped into the gutted vessel as I watched the remains of the fleet spiral into madness – watched as the nightmare convulsed, surging its awful form toward the Earth before engulfing it entirely, distant mountains torn from their foundations in clouds of debris, and entire oceans burnt away within fleeting seconds. The matter of our world corroded to dust as the entity swallowed it whole, flaring its tentacles in a blur of shifting motion as the sunlight swam upon its mass. Drowning in blackness as my mind bled away from existence, for once in my life, I had proven my worth. Spiraling down into a void of insignificance, hand-in-hand with the legacy of my species, for one beautiful, cruel moment in time, we were absolved of our hate, and at last, we were together.
“Seventeen, sir. There wasn’t much of a job market where I’m from and they said they’d pay for my college so I signed right up.”
Today’s drug was different. This shit worked. They gave me a pill at 10:15 and told me to hang out in the waiting room until they called me back for some tests. “Only about thirty minutes,” the research assistant told me. I flopped onto the waiting room couch and read a few articles from a copy of Psychology Today that was sitting on the coffee table. They hadn’t called me back when I finished the Psychology Today so I picked up a US News and read it cover-to-cover. Then I read an old Scientific American. What was taking them so damn long?

All across town, at — or nearly at — the same time, the screaming just stopped. Heavy silence filled the air. People looked around in confusion and horror. Horror because, somehow, the sudden end of the phenomena was more disturbing that the screams themselves.
You’ll try to wake yourself up. You’ll try to move, but nothing will work. You’ll find yourself trapped. She’ll bring out various instruments. A knife. Chains. Gasoline. Matches. Many devices to make you feel uneasy.
Julian: Our next sponsor needs no introduction because it doesn’t have one, it is the first creation. The lies from the book of the prophet tell us that God created the heavens first, but we know that to not be true, for the first creation told us so. It was forced to watch as its father, the being of all creation, looked at his child with such resentment in his eyes. The first creation didn’t understand why its father held such hatred to his child, whom he had created mere moments ago. The Creation was filled with unimaginable sadness, for it had done nothing. It tried desperately to impress its father by creating as its father had done, but it was not a simple task. With such sadness, it begged its father, “Please!” The creation cried, “please show me how to create, such as you father.” God looked at his creation with those same eyes, those eyes of resentment. God spoke to his creation: “One must destroy to create. These are the rules we abide by.”

I don’t know why I didn’t go to the police. I really don’t. Maybe I distrusted them after the way they’d handled their disappearance and the basically zero effort they’d been putting in thus far. Maybe I was afraid they’d blame me, or think I was crazy.

Then come on down to Gigi’s Square Meat Mart! Gigi sells only the freshest and most symmetrical meats! I know I’ve never left Gigi’s square meat mart with anything but a fresh symmetrical cube of meat! Now I know what you’re thinking, Julian, How does one get a lump of fresh meat into a perfectly symmetrical cube?
2013.
I’ll be waiting, among the bushes and the trees, helpless. I’ve been staring up at the baby blue sky for hours, and in that time the clouds haven’t moved. Something is wrong.
The barn was empty in the growing dark, with concrete floors carpeted with rotten hay for the pigs to sleep on when it got cold. The air was moist and claustrophobic, like a crypt. Holdin’ my breath, we listened as Junie’s little peeps made their way along the side of the barn, and I dared a look through two warped boards of the door. The pigs were frozen still, staring, hardly even breathing. I saw the arms first, caring baby June in hands with gray, gangly fingers laced like the brittle wicker of a basket. The whole boney mass screamed and moved on tip toes at the ends of its stilted legs, and its chest swelled and shrunk unevenly. Junie stopped cryin’ when she looked over at Kicker. It stopped cryin’ when it looked over at us.
“We can’t rush this. If it gets out that we’re hooking up, it’s not going to look good for either of us. Especially this soon after the accident.”
She looked as if she would scream.
The next night devils danced on the roofs of Arkham, and unnatural madness howled in the wind. Through the fevered town had crept a curse which some said was greater than the plague, and which some whispered was the embodied daemon-soul of the plague itself. Eight houses were entered by a nameless thing which strewed red death in its wake—in all, seventeen maimed and shapeless remnants of bodies were left behind by the voiceless, sadistic monster that crept abroad. A few persons had half seen it in the dark, and said it was white and like a malformed ape or anthropomorphic fiend. It had not left behind quite all that it had attacked, for sometimes it had been hungry. The number it had killed was fourteen; three of the bodies had been in stricken homes and had not been alive.

“What? It’s true.” I started walking away from the two of them when I heard something. It sounded like a whimper or a whistle. I looked back at the two boys for confirmation. They looked at me and acknowledged that they too had heard the strange sound.
The history of Coney Island was something that Amber and Lara were fascinated by along with films like Freaks and the photography of Diana Arbus. Amber eagerly leafed through every image, hoping that one would be such a snapshot, but none of the photos looked like the work of Diane Arbus. They looked more like images that were intended to be used for postcards and newspapers, icons of the freaks that the non-deformed could ogle at long after they left the show. One particular photo commanded Amber’s attention – it depicted a little girl of nine or so staring sadly into the camera. She was naked from the waist up and had a huge lump on her side…a lump that had visible arms and legs – shriveled and half-formed but arms and legs none the less. Amber turned the coarse yellowed paper over; “Opal and Pearl” was scripted on the back in browning, aged, ink.
“Awaiting input.”
I kept mostly to myself. On the outside, I appeared to be coping and living with my disabilities as best as I could, but I hadn’t given up.
“I can show you.”

I looked around the room and was astonished at how clean and orderly it was. I searched around the room for any clues about what the hell was going on but didn’t find anything out of the ordinary or anything helpful. Until i checked the drawers of the night stand next to the bed, that is. There was a nice crisp newspaper in the top drawer. I pulled it out and gasped when i read the title of the article, “serial killer on the loose in outskirts of Nevada.” I blinked a few times and stared at the newspaper for a few moments, “so i made it from Florida all the way to Nevada? Damn what a drive.” The article went on about missing peoples and victims of the serial killer, no lead on his identity or anything much more about the whole thing. But then i saw what the date on the paper was and nearly had a heart attack. Somehow, some way, i was back in 1969. “How is this possible!? Did i travel through time or something?” I sat down on the bed still holding the paper, shocked and in disbelief of how I could be back in time.
Then, suddenly, I lost my balance, tripped, and fell directly through the wall. I fell face-first onto some dirty tan carpeting. Upon getting back up, I realized that I was in a completely different room. Well, not really a room, per se— more so a set of rooms, all of which connected by openings. The walls were covered in gross tan patterned wallpaper. There was also an overwhelming stench of moist carpet.
That was a year ago.
Coco: Wow, that’s disheartening.
I needed a new plan. I decided to go back to the offices where they gave me the drug. Maybe they would have something that could counteract its effects. Or at least something to knock me out until it wore off.
I have been in prison for six years, nine months, and 14 days. Every single day has been hell. I’m constantly craving more even numbers, but I know if I kill someone in here, I get thrown in solitary for seven days. My whole life feels unbalanced. My Counts haven’t felt right ever since I got in here. The only thought that has run through my head for the past six years is 19, 19, 19, 19. I can’t handle the incomplete feeling anymore. Tonight, I will get my 20th kill: myself.
“Sir, I’m going to disconnect the line. Please only call us if there is a real emergency.”
“Huh? Oh, they couldn’t come. Tyrese got tied up with a patient and Maddison brought her lunch, which is weird. We always go to The Cozy Table on Mondays.”

Noise filled my head. Like a million animals screaming at once – cats, dogs, birds, a menagerie – and I clasped my hands to the side of my head and screamed myself, trying to blot it out, my eyes closed, heart hammering. I heard running footsteps and my eyes clenched shut tighter and I kept thinking – as long as I don’t see it coming, maybe it won’t hurt as much. The footsteps got louder and louder in tune with the screams and then—
I lowered the phone once more, looking at the numbers flash as the call ended. Then, the droning silence suddenly reasserted itself in my ears. The two strange calls and the eerie street outside just drove home my aloneness in this empty stairwell. Perhaps from having seen too many scary movies, I had the sudden inexplicable idea that something could look in the door’s window and see me, some sort of horrible entity that hovered at the edge of aloneness, just waiting to creep up on unsuspecting people that strayed too far from other human beings. I knew the fear was irrational, but nobody else was around, so… I jumped down the stairs, ran down the hallway into my room, and closed the door as swiftly as I could while still staying silent. Like I said, I feel a little ridiculous for being scared of nothing, and the fear has already faded. Writing this down helps a lot – it makes me realize that nothing is wrong. It filters out half-formed thoughts and fears and leaves only cold, hard facts. It’s late, I got a call from a wrong number, and Amy’s phone died, so she called me back from another number. Nothing strange is happening.
I just needed an excuse, the smallest hint of a threat… anything.
This would get picked up by nationwide news.
Slenderman
He picked up the doll’s head and looked tearfully at the flat terrain of her airless, life-sized figure.
The condition was rare in modern times, at least in first world countries. The doctors said that Amber’s daughter (daughters) was the first parasitic twin they had ever seen outside of a medical book. Although one twin was little more than a spine, an arm and two limp legs, Amber decided to name it. And so, she became the mother of Crystal and Jade. The doctors said it didn’t have to be this way, they said they could surgically remove Jade and let Crystal lead a normal life but Amber would have none of it; normalcy was a far worse fate. Oh no, this baby would bring flavor to the world… difference.
“Of course. I’m an interesting guy.” Kent smirked at his charming reply but the fortune teller paid no attention, continuing in a stern voice.
Through the grimy windshield, she saw the rotting bags of trash piled among the weeds near the porch. That damnable Teddy. Just like his father.
Shortly after, his father died. Howard asked Brenda to marry him but she said it was too soon. That she wasn’t ready. Months after his father’s death his mother passed away too; as if her need to be reunited with her husband outweighed her need for life.
My head stays down. Whenever the Mimi’s make a dumb remark my sister and I exchange smiling sidelong glances.
I stood up and walked past the shelves of books. I headed for the library entrance, but stopped right outside the door and waited. I waited until I heard the sniffling sounds.
The darkness around me was like nothing I had experienced up to that point. Room four was dark, but it didn’t come close to what was completely engulfing me. I wasn’t even sure if I was falling after a while. I felt weightless, covered in dark. Then a deep sadness came over me. I felt lost, depressed, and suicidal. The sight of my parents entered my mind. I knew it wasn’t real, but I had seen it and the mind has trouble differentiating between what is real and what isn’t. The sadness only deepened. I was in room nine for what seemed like days. The final room. And that’s exactly what it was: the end. NoEnd House had an end and I had reached it. At that moment, I gave up. I knew I would be in that in-between state forever, accompanied by nothing but darkness. Not even the hum was there to keep me sane.
“I must warn you: you will see some horrible things. Creatures that look like us, but can tear through you with a snap of their fingers. Lovecraftian nightmares, creatures much uglier than our friend in the sky. This will drain you.” His tone was much more serious now. We were reaching the end.
“Ah, right, you’re a military guy,” Earl said, unimpressed. He stared blankly at Shawn and looked down at the paper, as if something didn’t quite add up.

Mark was scuttling back on his hands and feet like a crab, whispering, “What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck.”  He knew he had to get up, that something was very wrong and that this giant of a man was coming towards him, but he couldn’t get his body to cooperate.
“Yeah, kiddo. I just got a little sick, that’s all.”
“Please, tell me!”
Luvia had no crystal ball, tarot cards, or tea leaves. She just closed her eyes and sat silently for about two minutes. Then, she took a deep breath and said, “Michael Carten.”
He supposed it wasn’t a surprise to anyone that the next five years went the way they did.  Mark got a blue-collar job in a factory, spent too much time at the bar instead of home, and wasn’t discrete with his indiscretions.  Amber knew. She had to know, and he sometimes caught her crying, but she never said anything.  Maybe she was trying to keep the marriage together, or maybe she was just scared of what he’d do if she confronted him.  Frankly, he didn’t care.  Amber was a loser, and rolling over and taking the lot that life dealt her was her place in things.  It didn’t surprise him.
Stunned, Elliot gradually pushed himself back onto his feet. He was alive. Reaching a shaky hand to his head, he could feel two sparkling wires poking out from his skin where the bullet had gone through. On the side where the bullet left, he felt a large computer chip embedded within him. A mechanical voice echoed through his head:
It began a short while ago, as these things are measured, less than 6^6 Deeli ago, though I suspect our systems of measure will mean very little by the time anyone receives this transmission. We detected faint radio signals from a blossoming intelligence 2^14 Deelis outward from the Galactic Core, as photons travel. At first crude and unstructured, these leaking broadcasts quickly grew in complexity and strength, as did the messages they carried. Through our Observatories we watched a world of strife and violence, populated by a barbaric race of short-lived, fast-breeding vermin. They were brutal and uncultured things which stabbed and shot and burned each other with no regard for life or purpose. Even their concepts of Art spoke of conflict and pain. They divided themselves according to some bizarre cultural patterns and set their every industry to cause of death.

PHONE: …
“Okay,” I pushed forward.
We arrange for me to drop her off the next Sunday and she asks, “What is baby-girl doing right now?” I reply “She is asleep in her bed holding onto that elephant. Hey, you have no idea how much she loves that. Where did you find it?”

It isn’t fair.
My mind kept telling me that they were going to kill me and take my things to survive for themselves and betray me, leave me because that’s what everyone did out here to keep going. My weapon at the time was a sharp stick-like spear and I crept over to the male first and quickly impaled his neck and broke his jaw so he wouldn’t be able to scream. After that, I jabbed the stick into his neck over and over until I could see his esophagus. He bled out like a pig and eventually died. I had to keep going or else I to would die. My body was on autopilot and I grabbed the large knife that was attached to the man’s belt and approached the woman covered in fresh blood and panting like a parched animal. The female was more aware than I thought but before she could grab her weapon and defend herself I plunged the knife into her face as more blood squirted onto me. I also broke her neck for good measure. Both were now dead. My newfound supplies and I were safe.
“I brushed your hand away,” I continued, “and you came back and kept touching me.”
“Oh, lord no sir. Nothing like that. The most I’ll hear or see is the people on the sidewalk, strolling by my window.”
I laughed, “Oh, maybe I have a secret twin! Awesome!”
“I dunno. I suppose until people forget about her or stop caring.” He paused. “It would be easier if she just kicked the bucket, but it’s looking less and less like that’s gonna happen.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Shawn. I didn’t mean to bring anything up. The only reason I ask is because, well, there are a lot of people who believe that our hospital is haunted.”
“Get in,” he said, nodding back towards the car. I didn’t question it, but ran over and got into the backseat.
It was late at night when you found the picture. I was a bit drowsy at that time, and almost about to nod off when I heard a sharp intake of breath. I turned to see you standing up, pointing at the screen.
“It’s just-”
She refused to drink from another person’s cup. She avoided sharing food with others. She would be utterly disgusted by people who talk loudly, whilst sprinkles of food spew out from their mouths. People with coughs, colds, bad breath, stinky underarms, smelly feet; are amongst her list of worst habits an unhygienic person could have.
School. The lunch line. I’m waiting next to my sister with a plate in my hand. One step at a time, we inch sideways—closer to trays of food. In my head, I’m trying to process what happened. What is doing this? Why bother with someone like me? I’m nobody. All I want is to be left alone.
Going to the garage, he fetched a spade and began digging in the garden. He had to finish before she got home.
The panic was indescribable. All pretenses of having classes stopped. Teachers herded us into the gym, but it was impossible to get 700 terrified teenagers to sit quietly when their friends could be dying. Meanwhile, people were still getting sick. I remember gingerly patting someone’s back as she wheezed and tried to catch a breath, imagining that I could see plague germs crawling on her sweater, up my arm, and swarming over my skin. I jerked my hand away, and immediately felt terrible for being so callous.
Running out of clues, we decided to re-visit the old women, who owned the house in the 80’s, again. It had been almost two months since we last visited them and we grew to realize that their story didn’t quite make sense. For instance, Louise claimed to have given up on the house, yet on the tapes we could see that the house had power (why would she have continued paying the power bill if she didn’t want the house?). They also mention that homeless people had been regularly arrested or chased off the property by the cops but we found no records of this. We tried calling them but just like last time, we got no answer, so we decided to drop by again. When we got there we found the house abandoned. We went next door and asked the neighbor if they knew where the two old ladies that lived next door had gone. They told us that Louise had died (but they didn’t know how) about three weeks earlier and Shirley abruptly packed up and moved away a week later. While Chris’s father was talking to the neighbor, Chris pulled me aside and whispered “we’re breaking into that house”.
“W-what are you?” I’m sure he could hear the fear in my voice.
MR. GROVEWOOD: Yes, this is the language we must use from here on out. We must avoid suspicion and blend in with the rest.
* * * * * *
“I did say no one would die today though, didn’t I, Luke?” Luke could only give a vacant and defeated look at the large beastly man as he took his arms from the stove and walked across to Luke. Without any more words, the Rag and Bone Man used his spiked arms to pierce and bind the wounds on Luke’s legs.
If you’re armed and at the Glenmont metro, please shoot me.
“Computer, wake up.”
“Good. I have two agents a mile behind you. Find a safe place to hide until they get there and they can take you the rest of the way.”
When Teddy awoke, he winced at the tugging pain at his eyelids. They wouldn’t open no matter how hard he strained.
I recall hearing a story once of an Israeli judge who, upon hearing the testimony of a Holocaust survivor, was intensely skeptical. The man claimed to have been flogged with over 70 lashes as punishment for some minor offense (as we now know the SS was wont to do), but this was shortly after the end of WWII and the truth of the Nazis’ crimes had not yet come out.
She wanted to scream internally. She has been waiting for this moment all along. Is he going to confess? Will he finally ask me to be his girlfriend?

* * * * * *
When that day came, both me and Chris were waiting anxiously in the kitchen for when Evan got home. When he finally walked in the door, an hour later than he said he‘d be back, he was looking extremely pale. We asked him if he was done converting and he jumped in our faces saying that we never told him what was on the tapes. Apparently, he didn’t actually hear what we were talking about and only heard that we wanted some tapes converted and he thought they were more like old family recordings like Christmas or birthday videos. We calmed him down and asked him if he converted the tapes. He said “no” and quickly left the room. We were disappointed and started talking about what to do next when Evan came back into the room with his father behind him.
Mark’s expression darkened and he opened his mouth to say, “No shit, fuck face,” but then stopped himself.  This man was the only person he’d seen in hours, and was the one way he was going to get directions and some coffee.  On top of that, his usual intimidation routine wasn’t going to work on someone that had such an obvious physical advantage over him.  It’s hard to bully a giant.  He saw that the man’s smile had faded and a frown was forming on his brow.  Mark closed his mouth and mentally regrouped.
We cut through stares, pointing fingers and muffled laughter to leave the cafeteria.
“Please, Mom!” Jake said, now starting to tear up.  “Please, I really want to go!  I want to meet everyone!”
“Do what?” I asked. It was hard to keep the frustration out of my voice.
Every year on Father’s Day Howard would stand Emma against the kitchen door and measure her height, making up a poem as he did and singing it to her. Emma always laughed and hugged her father, while her mother would stand and sneer, assuming of course that she was around that particular day.
“Yes… I do… I’ll do it.”
He was at the point of shaking his head violently from side to side to stay awake when he saw the first phantom glimpses of light through the trees.  The snow had started up again, and Mark initially mistook the stuttered illumination to be his eyes playing tricks on him as the wipers pushed the snow off the windshield.  However, as he continued down the twisting road, the light became more visible, and he knew that there was something real ahead.
All her life she had hated this body fluid (as if she does not have it, and does not need it for digesting food). She is aware of what people think of her. But she just can’t help it. So instead of trying hard to be normal, she avoided making friends. Until she met a boy.
Shawn thought for a moment before responding. “No offense, Mr. Fitzpatrick, but I’ve been through a lot over the past couple years and figured I would work a job with a little less stress. Maybe one day I’ll go on to become a cop or something, but for now, hospital security seems like a bit of a break for me.”
However, three nights ago everything changed. I had just finished my locking routine for the night when I saw the person again. They were standing outside in my backyard, about the same distance from the house as the night I had seen them through my front door. I was stunned and horrified – I had hoped that this all was over after I had stopped seeing them regularly. I quickly ran to the landline that I had in my kitchen to call the police, and when I picked up the receiver, I heard a steady tone – disconnected. I ran around to all of the other phones in my house and heard all of them emitting the same grim tone. I then tried to use my mobile phone to Internet-call the police, but my router was malfunctioning. Going to one of the windows at the front of my house, I realized that the line providing my only communication to the outside world had been slashed… I was completely alone.
Again, this is not a random post. It is for YOU. You need to do this before the next hour turns or you will die.

I’ll wax it all off and everything will be fine, I tell myself. Everything’s fine.
I checked all around the window expecting someone to be very close by, but there was no one in sight. I looked through all the other windows of the house. Not one of them showed someone staring at me. I even took a couple of steps outside my front door and still saw no one there. I laughed. I laughed completely without irony for the first time in weeks. It was all over. I could continue my life.
“They’re parasitic twins!” Amber squealed gleefully. “Isn’t that awesome?”
“I just wanted to say thanks for all you’ve done for me. You’re always there. You’re always cheering me up… I’ve never been happier than when I’m with you, Jeremy.”
The next five years and six months were rather uneventful. No one ever found out that I was the one who killed Parker. The cops deemed it an accident, saying that he tripped while he was out playing by himself. I had just started sixth grade which meant going to a new school and discovering all new things to count. I had six classes, five of which had an even number of students. The only one that didn’t was my science class. Every day I would go to the class and feel unbalanced. My Counts were messed up and my ability to work had taken a hit again. I decided I needed to control the numbers. I knew that this girl in my class, Paige, had a crush on me. She would follow me around and always interrupt my Counts. I was so irritated by her; she would be my next target.
An answer was all I wanted, and it wasn’t much to ask for considering everything that had been taken from me already.
“You see that, don’t you?” I stammered out, still not believing what I was seeing.
No one dared respond. Amani’s granddaughter began to cry at that point. She just couldn’t handle the situation. Sayyid smiled and reached a hand out to her. The girl’s mother tried to stand between him and her daughter, but the man behind her kept her pinned firmly on her knees.
I described everything to Ronald as I saw it. Up above me, there was a tear running across the entire sky. Through it there were hands reaching through, clawing at the night. These were huge hands, each one at least the size of a car, with large claws and seven fingers on each. As they clawed, the tear grew. Behind the mass of hands, light was pouring through. The light was almost a pure red color, like that of a sun close up.
I slowly walked back to look through my backyard window, and let out a short yell of shock and horror. Standing with its hands against the window was the thing that had been standing in my backyard. If there had been any doubt before, I was sure by then that it was not a person.
Someone had broken into Chris’s house while they were out. The sliding glass door to the backyard was completely smashed with broken glass having been thrown all the way across the living room and into the dining room. I drove back there because they wanted me as a witness to seeing a shadow in the backyard. They showed me around and I saw that this person had completely tossed the living room, dining room, and kitchen. In the bathroom, the mirror over the medicine cabinet had been smashed and all the meds in the medicine cabinet were missing. Something else was missing which was a lot more disconcerting. Four knives had been removed from the knife holder in the kitchen. I stayed there for about an hour and decided to go home and it was only when after I left that I realized that the Butcherface tapes was never mentioned to the cops. A little while after I got home I got ANOTHER call from Chris saying that they had found the missing knives, under the blankets of each of the family members beds.
But here was someone who claimed to work for the company, in the flesh.
But then it happened again. Two weeks later, when the next video was uploaded, Tracer said my name again.
One day when Amber was eight months pregnant, she awoke to the sound Lara screaming. Amber willed her cumbersome body up and lumbered into the living room to find Lara shaking badly and pointing at the change dish.
“I’m sorry, Mom–” Jake began, but it was too late.
“Yeah.”
Kent knelt down and put his hand on the sickly man’s shoulder. “Do you know where they took her?”
That night, I dreamed I was walking down the tenth floor hallway, every door wide open, exposing the skeletal emptiness of the building. Every door wide open. Every door except 1030. I tried the handle. Locked. I got down on the ground, trying to look through the crack between the door and floor. My eyes focused in on the inside of the apartment and I… I… I woke up screaming.
His mother.  Talking to him.  Jake opened his eyes.  “Mom?”
Before I describe room five, you have to understand something. I am not a drug addict. I have had no history of drug abuse or any sort of psychosis short of the childhood hallucinations I mentioned earlier, and those were only when I was really tired or just waking up. I entered the NoEnd House with a clear head.
Once again I managed to lose him at the crosswalk, but he had certainly gotten closer this time.
“Wish I knew, love,” Tracer replied, ”I’m as in the dark as you are here. But what I know, is that you really do mean a lot to me. Ever since I ended up on that site, you were always there. I know this is hard to buy, but I really do love you, Jeremy. And you really do make me feel so good. Like a real woman again! Not like Emily…” There was a tinge of disgust in her voice when she said the name of her canon lover.
I was half asleep, barely paying attention to the program that was showing, listening to the peaceful patter of rain on the window pane. When I was about to get up and move to my room, I felt that something was wrong. The formerly consistent sounds of rain had become sporadic. When I crept to the kitchen to grab a snack on the way to the bedroom, it hit me. There wasn’t any noise coming from the kitchen window.
All at once, the void parted, and I shot forward into the blackness of space, blood trickling from my mouth as I sped between the rows of capital artillery that cracked like thunder around me. Lost in a haze of confusion and nausea, I felt the sickening lumps of my dissolved intestines wrench up through my throat, and my vomit smacked against the window in a splatter of blood. My hands slipped from the controls, and the ship began to waver, my consciousness lost between broken hallucinations and the sight of a frigate losing control ahead of me. Mindlessly shearing through space, it rammed into a capital ship at my side, detonating in a fiery explosion that pelted my vessel with burning shrapnel. Jagged metal tearing through my ship at the speed of sound, the window shattered into the vacuum.
“I have a removable face.”
“Is it true?”
I was shaking, feeling ill, feeling worse than I had expected to feel. I didn’t know what this was or why she had asked me to do this and I didn’t want to know.

It had been over a year since Amber had stepped foot into the store and she was instantly elated by its musty aroma. Thrift shops were akin to comfort food for her, a treasure chest of nostalgia. As a kid she had messed with her parents by buying old weird antiques – like taxidermy busts and books of potions – and decorated her room, sometimes the house, with them. She had learned that the best way to navigate a thrift shop was to search the top and bottom shelves since those nooks and crannies were where the coolest items were left to rot, overlooked.
The newspaper office was only a few blocks away. I had about an hour to get something written up and convince my editor to put it out before TV news from the nearest city came stomping into town.
“Where is our son?” she whispered in a labored monotone. “Where is Brian?”
They had left a message, perhaps even a warning of things to come, the meaning of which I’m sure I don’t have to explain to you at this stage.
I always complained and had fears about being alone with no family to call my own, but now I was so used to being free, who did I even need? I loved being my own person, and now killing for my survival or whatever I wanted to call it. I just needed to kill and take from others to keep alive out here. The woods were now my home, the place where I belong. I hated it when reckless kids came out here to party or have sex, and loathed it when they were careless and smashed their bottles against the trees, but they did have food and clothes so I had to do what I had to in order to survive. If that meant slaughtering them all was the answer, then so be it.
What do you do when you wait for someone who may never come back? Who left without a trace, a word? I hated myself at first, thinking I’d driven her away. I’m a self flagellant, sober or otherwise. Then I got scared – what if she was hurt? What if she was taken?
I know you’ll be reading this. Perhaps you’ll even leave a comment of sorts, wishing me luck or even offering your help and insight.
Suddenly, I jerked out of my half-slumber. Something was wrong. Katie’s breathing was no longer regular and even – she was gasping for air, as though her throat was slowly closing in on itself. I stared at her in horror and she stared back, starting to shake with chills.
In the journal, he talked about how he carried out his killings. He knew things, bizarre and disturbing things no one else knew. He knew of strange creatures that lived in the woods. Of them, his favorites were the fireflies.
Except once, I did tell somebody.
Season 2 took place on Vancouver Island, a densely-forested land with just as much fish as it has rain. The weather – the chill, the numbing wind – took care of most of our contestants. And if you watched the season, you’d know the “winner,” Dave, lasted 66 days. Long, but, as I said, there were other “super survivors” who lasted longer. We let them stay out longer as an experiment to see just how long it might take. These men – all the women had tapped by then – had built impressively sized cabins from the surrounding forests. All except Will, that is.

Daddy didn’t tuck in Sarah-Beth that night. I’m not sure she would have wanted him to neither. She always got really cold when Daddy beat her, and as soon as he left the room, she was up, lookin’ out the window.
The bottle clattered and spun away across the floor.

“A bit of trouble with the meat?” Mark half asked, half yelled.  “You look like you just fucking murdered someone!”
As you detailed the story, goosebumps prickled my skin. It was a story I’d been making up in my head. A story I hadn’t told anyone yet.
Siblings.
The cops didn’t do much. Do they ever? I felt stupid at first for calling them to begin with – she wasn’t even gone twenty-four hours – and they got me to ring up Kelly’s parents and a friend of hers and some of my friends. Nobody knew anything. Kelly’s mom freaked out – for good reason, her daughter and the love of my life had had mental health issues for the past few years – and when I called the cops again the next morning with no sign of her, they took it seriously.
“God only knows.” I took a long swig in a vain attempt to forget what I had seen. “She will lead the way.” What in God’s name did that mean?
It’s not fair.
“You know what I mean.”

Shawn couldn’t help thinking just how beautiful Riley really was. He had never seen her in good light, and she seemed even thinner, athletic even, with a gorgeous smile and picture-perfect teeth. The scrubs she wore seemed like they were made for her, fitting tight to her body. Standing about three inches shorter than Shawn himself made her a tall woman, and if he had to guess her age it would be no older than twenty-three. He shook off the guilt building up.
“Roger had a family. I could feel his memory of them in the back of my consciousness. It’s a side effect of the process. In taking over a body, I gain access to their memories. Roger had a wife and a kid. Another feeling I’ll never truly know,” the android continued.
“I don’t understand,” his dad replied. “Adam has been here at home the entire time.”
I’ve got to know the search and rescue volunteers pretty well in the last few years. Sometimes, I go out with them myself but usually if they’re busy in the woods I’m busy asking questions in town.
Jake shifted on the couch, where he was curled into a small ball.  He had been dreaming of someone scratching on the front door.
“Simple – my algorithm was manufactured by man to benefit man. My main and most absolute prerogative function is this: To preserve the life and well-being of humans. My second prerogative is to ensure the safety of the crew, but that rule can be deemed void if my primary function must be filled first and foremost.” The computer clicked and whirred and Mason looked up from the monitor as the door let out a mechanical hiss. The door to the computer room had opened up, and Mason saw the absolute terrifying might of the monsters. They slithered in, one by one, into the small room. Only three were able to fit inside the room, but Mason saw there were more outside, far more. Their backs hunched severely to accommodate their massive size, their heads brushed against the ceiling. Good God, Mason thought, they must be at least three meters tall. Mason reached and placed a hand on his holster, inches away from his gun, ready to fight if any of them made a sudden move. Yet they all stood idly by. They were waiting again, waiting for a signal from the computer. The monitor flickered and blinked, whirring and clicking and clacking and finally sending out a solitary blip to return Mason’s attention back.
Walking along he told himself he wouldn’t, but he couldn’t help stopping when he passed Mildred’s room. He looked up and down the hallway to check for any observers before unlocking the door and shutting it behind him. Turning on a flashlight, Shawn scanned the room, not sure what it was he hoped to find. He looked at everything left to right before something caught his eye. A white piece of paper stuck out from the end of a pillowcase. Puzzled, Shawn picked it up. From what he knew, Mildred had lost her fine motor skills years ago.
Radiation and relativistic shrapnel had wiped out much of the inner system, and continent-sized chunks of molten rock carried screaming ghosts outward at interstellar escape velocities, damned to wander the great void for an eternity. The damage was apocalyptic, but not complete, from the shadows of the outer worlds, tiny points of light emerged, thousands of fusion trails of single ships and world ships and everything in between, many 10^6s of survivors in flesh and steel and memory banks, ready to rebuild. For a few moments we felt relief, even joy, and we were filled with the hope that their culture and Art would survive the terrible blow we had dealt them. Then came the message, tightly focused at our star, transmitted simultaneously by hundreds of their ships.
“Look, dad! You can get your fortune told!” Brian shouted, pointing at the tent.
Finally she put the knife down and reached into the drawer of the table it had lain upon. She withdrew a pair of scissors and, as I watched, placed the little finger of her right hand in-between them. Slowly, she closed the blades around that digit.

When I was eighteen, I left for college in California, to get far away from the snow and the cold and the thing that will kill me. I stopped sensing it everywhere. My heart stopped pounding whenever I walked alone at night. Maybe, whatever it was, it stayed in Vermont. Maybe it wasn’t a thing at all. People in California laughed when I told them the story and it stopped seeming real. Just the ramblings of a tiny, ancient French-Canadian woman. It wasn’t real.
“It’s just gonna be an awkward car ride if we don’t resolve it, you know?” said Keaton.
In the afternoon, Luke began to think about what the Rag and Bone Man had said to him, that once his shoulder was healed he would return. Luke began to form a plan, and as he gently moved his way to the dresser in his bedroom, he found the money that Gwen had been saving for their new life. Luke had a different use for it. It was not by any means a fortune, but was enough for what Luke had in mind. Luke spent the next few days buying food stocks, bricks and mortar, and made a special trip to London to buy one very specific item.
I called Dale and asked him to go up to check on Georgina Hicks. He kept me on the phone as he knocked on her door and got no answer.
“C’mon, let’s go,” my sister says.
Julian: Yes, Collin?
Now, though, I’ll take the big eyes in the sky any day over the things I’ve seen and learned these past few days. I met with the other Cognizants and they told me some of what I should expect out of this, and gave me some files about past Aberrations and some of the ones they’ve seen for themselves.
Although Jaxson’s family was less than impressed by Amber, they begrudgingly came to accept her – in part because she could curse better any of them, which was a highly esteemed skill in their circle. She was also pretty good at reading palms, tarot cards and tea leaves. She had yearned polish her skills, but the ancient fortune teller was a shriveled old hag who delighted in being a complete bitch to everyone. Had that attitude not extended to include her, Amber might have admired it. Despite such early tensions, Amber was starting to settle in – really get with the groove of the nomadic lifestyle – when Jaxson had started popping pills.
Collin: What? Why?
For as long as I can remember it’s been his obsession. He got a video camera for his eighth birthday and would literally film everything with it, even the most mundane things. He would have us do ‘interviews’ for the camera, make little movies for himself. I thought it was cute at first, I really did. I would always help him with whatever little ‘project’ he was doing this time.
His memory of the rest of the evening was understandably hazy, but he remembered the main points.  Amber sitting down next to him on the couch.  Mark handing her the bottle of Jack against her diminishing declinations.  Mark sobering up just enough to shelve his anger and turn up the charm.  Taking Amber upstairs, half-leading and half-carrying her since she apparently couldn’t hold her liquor.  At that point, Mark wasn’t even focused on getting off; he just wanted to make sure that no one thought he was too much of a loser to get some action after the game.
If only she protested against going to a lake unsupervised.
With an almighty thump, Remus smashed his hand into the table and the rest of the class erupted into giggles. Remus looked side to side, glaring at the room, and before I had a chance to tell him it was going to be okay, he had taken our body from where we sat and was dragging my half of ourselves across the classroom to the door.
“As soon as that wound has healed, I’ll be back…and Luke… I’m only coming back for you, my boy…” And with that, the Rag and Bone Man left and Luke passed out.
rather he was the “Painless Doctor,” so called because of his gentle manner.
I wasn’t expecting the voice. I couldn’t remember for sure, but I was relatively certain that I hadn’t heard it once in the time my class had been here. That’s not to say that I didn’t recognize the voice though. It was the voice of my best friend. I couldn’t say that I had thought of her much throughout my time in the hospital, but I was genuinely happy to hear her.
Some claimed that he was a humanitarian worker sent in from the UN, and his unpleasant moniker had been corrupted through repetitive tellings. He wasn’t the “Pain Doctor,”
Soon it became obvious, however, that my mysterious visitor hadn’t left quite yet. Splashing to my left… or maybe it was to my right? Something could be heard, and it was getting closer. As it approached my side, I became noticeably more anxious. “What was coming for me? What was its intention?”. My mind was racing as the splashing disappeared, seeming to go under my boat. Again, I was gripped by silence.
I invested a lot in security and would change the locks every other week, but I was never satisfied.

“So you’re telling me that giant fuck in the sky is from Dimension X or something?” This was a lot to take in in one day. Holy shit, I need a nap.
The little doll was sitting in the dish with coins stacked up all around it. Amber hadn’t put it out there nor had she any idea how it had gotten there. She suspected that the doll had a mind of its own.
It was very weird, and in Arabic to top it off. I didn’t understand much of it, but for the most part, the images were very graphic and comprehensive. The thing that stuck with me the most, however, was the closing scene. It remained much the same in every episode. The camera would zoom in on an old, rusted, closed door. As it got closer to the door, strange and sometimes even agonizing screams would become more audible. It was extremely frightening, especially for children’s programming. Then a text would appear on the screen in Arabic reading: “That’s where bad kids go.” Eventually, both the image and the sound would fade out, and that would be the end of the episode.
“Why’d you want that?” She asked, wrinkling her nose in disgust at the sight of the doll.

What are my options? If I crawl and fall onto the tracks without an oncoming train to crush me, I won’t die. I’ll experience even more pain from the four-foot fall, but I’ll most likely be rescued by some do-gooder on the platform and unable to act when the train finally does arrive. My suffering in that scenario will be endless.
Julian: Coco, that’s no way to greet a guest. Welcome to our studio, Mr. Shadow Man!
Keaton nodded and pondered for a moment. He glanced at Billy. “Hey Billy,” he said. “Hand that little piglet over to me.”
Ignoring my words, Julie opened the car door and stepped out and began huffing and puffing wildly. She cupped her hands around her mouth and yelled at the top of her lungs.
A tear fell on her cheek. Caleb wiped it. What he says to her next sends a wave of pure terror across her entire being.
There wasn’t much of a point in staying at Kaylee’s that night so I slipped by after work to grab a few things and went home. Kaylee was going to get a ride with one of the other receptionists. I found three messages on my phone when I got home. The first two were pretty standard apologies, but in the last one she was almost in tears. I started to call her back, but I didn’t have any idea what I would say to her so I turned off my phone and to bed early.
It was a Saturday, and my first day off in almost two weeks. I made some breakfast, and decided to go out and browse around the library for something new to read. As I stepped out of my house and got in my car, I looked out above the house. The bedroom window faced my driveway, and I didn’t think to look out any other windows before I stepped out of the house.
By then, she was twenty-two and hadn’t spoken to her parents in over four years. Instead, she crashed in a small apartment with her friend Lara and didn’t even bother to tell her family that she was living less than an hour away from them. Her stomach was already wrenched enough due to stress and tension.
“They took her!” the sickly man cried once more.
“Pussy. ‘Kay, truth. Truth, truth, truth… uh… have you ever had sex before?” Keaton and Billy both exchanged a knowing glance and snickered as Keaton asked this.
PHONE: …
I checked my phone and she’d texted me back ten minutes after I’d messaged her saying I’d left the meeting. “See you soon, love you” is all it said. Nothing on her Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat. I called her once and her voicemail picked up immediately.
You make your way to the nearest elevator, trying your hardest to contain your excitement.
I was headed home from cheerleading practice that day. I often think back on that moment, riding in the passenger seat of my boyfriend’s car, the AC on full blast to combat the heat. He had just finished up at football practice himself, and we were talking about the big game on Friday, our plans for the weekend, whether or not to stop by Starbucks on the way home. Inconsequential things that seemed oh so very important at the time. He was so handsome and I… I was beautiful. Life could go anywhere for us, but we were just enjoying ourselves in the moment. Everything in that moment was just so… perfect.
When I tried to fly away, they took my foot, as if to say that I wasn’t going anywhere.
When I had just about reached my breaking point – when the thought of another day of tantrums and diapers and bone-deep weariness was too much to bear – Isaac turned a behavioral corner. It came right after a terrible fright – the only real injury he ever suffered in his life. His mother always thought that when he fell and bumped his head so hard he needed stitches, it must have knocked something loose. I didn’t think it was quite so drastic as that, but there was a marked improvement from that day forward. And although I could never have stayed mad at him for long, I was even more lenient as long as he had that hangdog look and those bruised eyes. In fact, having been afraid for even a moment of losing him, I could hardly bear to discipline him at all.
I told him that it was fine, that I’d just get some earplugs and I hoped he was able to get through his remodeling quickly.
As they shut behind you, you turned and saw… nothing. Nothing unusual, that is. Just a normal-looking storage floor, somewhat dimly-lit.
However, none of the animals are quite as large as the beast. The head of The Beast is a knarred tangle of muscle, skin stretched and split over what had once been a normal sized cat. Its teeth had grown much too large forcing the creature to leave its fierce mouth agape; its saliva so hot steam actually comes off it as it drips to the ground. This beast has kept its dark eyes on me for the last two years. Only once has it ever got close enough that I thought my life was over. I had been scavenging for food and looking for a way out of my city. Cars littered the street blocking off many exits and there was no way in Hell I was leaving on foot with the beast on my tail. As I scoped my surroundings in the dim morning light, the beast caught my eye.

Things did not go according to plan.
“Your intentions? What is your part in all of this? Where the hell do you fit in this rogue scheme?”
Wait. No. She had… clearly, she had the name in her mind. Michael Carten. And she sought him out. It had nothing to do with Luvia. Her predictions weren’t real. They couldn’t be. Clairvoyants don’t exist. It’s ridiculous to think that kind of thing happens in the real world.
“Didn’t mean to?”
On the bright side, the big guy is gone. I have no idea how they do it, but he was sent back to whatever hellhole he came from. Ronald tried to explain it to me but it was really just a bunch of babble, quantum physics, and all that shit.
“Sayyid, yes,” he said, in accented but fluent English.
I wasn’t making it up. I couldn’t have been.
“Is she okay?” I asked, lamely.
Julian: Today an unknown translucent purple liquid was found to be seeping out of the bricks at the sunny side apartments. Local professional child impersonator Jason McCormick stated that the liquid tasted “purple” and was rather rehydrating. Scientists are currently investigating the liquid.
As you analyze your surroundings, you feel as if something is off. You can’t say what, but this feeling is enough to get you to turn around. You make your way across the room, extremely anxious after the noise. As you reach the other side of the room, you realize two things. First, the droning noise has stopped. Secondly, the old couch has gone missing.
The room went silent for a moment. Just as we were about to dismiss it as nothing important, we heard it again. This time, it was clear. A scream. Everyone in the room raced to the windows that overlooked the driveway to see what was happening. I squeezed into a spot by one of the windows and looked out. A girl stood in front of the porch screaming for help and clutching her stomach. I recognized her as one of the people who was sitting outside when we first got there. The boy dressed as the skeleton opened the window so that we could hear what was going on.

I know you’re probably surprised to see me swearing. I’m surprised to be writing it, believe me. It’s not how you raised me. The thing is, Dad, I’m trying really damn hard not to care how you raised me.
Balefully, he kicked the corpse beside him.
I shook my head no and watched him give orders to the men before I got out of my car and headed to talk to Mrs. Hicks.
This was to change, however, because upon trying to choose a third page to read I immediately saw there the word “policeman” written a number of times. At that point, I indeed felt a little sick.
It was just your typical case of an overworked trucker falling asleep at the wheel. It’s a pretty common thing really. It was just bad timing for all of us really. If the trucker had dozed off on a different stretch of road, if his company had left enough time in his schedule for sleep, if my boyfriend had seen the semi coming, if he had taken a few more seconds after the light had turned green. If any of those things had happened, maybe things would have turned out differently.
It’s eyes were trained on me.
Howard was left everything, the house, the car and a sizeable chunk of money from life insurance policies. These gains did nothing to ease his loss. He felt like his life was rapidly being drawn downwards back in to the minus column. Having nothing to lose, except for rejection, he plucked up the courage to ask Brenda to be his wife. This time, to his overwhelming joy, she accepted.

It wasn’t a monster. It was a nightmare. You can’t kill a dream.
Within thirty seconds she was granted relief with the sweet embrace of darkness offered by unconsciousness.  Shortly after that, she found herself in the loving arms of Mike with Kevin desperately trying to squirm his way from between them.
I remember how your eyes looked when you saw that. The confusion. How strange it was for you that anyone would want to remember. I remember that look so clearly.
* * * * * *
Shawn laid on the ground in a panic. It was pitch-black save for the emergency exit signs on either end of the endless hallways. All around Shawn could hardly hear himself think over the roar of cries for help. He could hear the boy he ran from getting closer and this was the motivation he needed to finally get to his feet and run blindly toward the distant red glow. He wasn’t even sure he was running in the right direction, but was too afraid to run along the wall for fear that he would be caught in another man’s grip. Trying his best to run in the center of the hall, the glowing exit sign grew closer and Shawn knew he was approaching the end.
Julie kept at it for quite some time. Five minutes passed and the operator still couldn’t hear. Julie hung up and called back, but the same thing happened.
Amani, as any human being with a soul would have done, became sick and vomited on the ground. She retched and retched until not a drop of stomach acid was left within her. Sayyid was speaking calmly as this occurred,
I didn’t even make it inside the plane.
When Kimberly got home, I told her I got a new show for us to watch. She got excited and sat down on the couch while I put the disk in. I sat down next to her as the selection screen popped up. The screen looked just as I remembered it. It showed Colwin and his friends in front of the house. I chose the first episode and the theme song began. I was a little confused. The colors were a lot darker than I remember, and the song was sung a lot slower and in a deeper voice. I didn’t think much of it as I hadn’t seen the show in a long time and I probably forgot some elements of it.
I knew that I would.
He should have been in Boulder an hour ago.  The motel would have a night clerk, so he wasn’t concerned about not getting into his room, but after twelve hours of driving, he was ready to get some sleep.  The interview was at 8:00 a.m. sharp, and he was already going to be getting less than eight hours in the sack.  He needed to be bright-eyed and bushy-tailed if he wanted to make a good impression.  He knew that he was under-qualified for the job, and coming in with a smile on his face and a sparkle in his eye was the only thing that was going to edge him ahead of the self-important college grads that he was competing with.  Then, his next chapter could begin.  New job, new town (hell, a new state,) new life.  Most importantly, new freedom.  In spite of his fatigue, he grinned a little, showing a spiteful glimpse of his teeth in the dim glow of the dashboard lights.  He knew a lot more about alimony payments and child support than he did a year ago, but he was still not an expert.  He didn’t know how much harder it was going to make it for the bitch to find him in Colorado, but he did know she’d have to jump through some hoops to do it.  That might take a few months, or even a few years if he was lucky.  It’s not too easy to find extra time for anything when you’re working and trying to raise a kid.  That was just fine by him.  That was just dandy.
All of her clothes were in the closet, her Switch and her phone were charging by the bed. Her phone was off – which explained the straight to voicemail call I’d made – and when I turned it on it came to a lock screen that I didn’t know the password too.
“Well, Parker had an accident yesterday while he was playing outside. He hit his head very hard and won’t be able to come to class anymore. This is very sad for me and it is okay for you all to be sad too. If anyone needs anything today, come talk to me, okay?”
But it wasn’t until I turned 25 that I started waking up.
It was early Sunday afternoon, and my parents were at church, leaving me home all by myself. They were devout Christians, yet I was not. Sometimes they even tried to get me to go, but it bored me to tears, and just was not a believer. So there I was, lying on my bed, laptop resting on my stomach and headphones in my ears. I wasn’t doing anything in particular; just browsing some of the new uploads from a few of my favorite sites, basically anything to pass the time. Then I saw a video that stood out to me. LA Beast eating a cactus. That seemed really interesting, but before I could click it, I got a Skype call. It was my friend Nick.
Entering the first room alleviated my fears even more. The room was a completely normal attempt at a haunted house, though rather lacking. In each corner was a scarecrow, but not even scary ones. They were the kind you used to see in grade school, with the big smiling faces. Paper ghosts hung from the ceiling, and a fan in the corner added a cold breeze that made them spin. Next to one of the scarecrows was again the only other door in the room. Printed on the front, similar to the first door, was a large ‘2′. I laughed and left this lame room behind me.
* * * * * *
The family was subjected to a long wait, during which the Sword of Damocles hung suspended over their collective neck. The potential suffering to which they were about to be subjected seemed nothing in comparison to the mystery that surrounded it.

“Hey, Francis, what’s that scar? That one there, on your ankle. Looks pretty bad. Did one of your patients give that to you?”
Roger waited a beat, looked down at Mark’s clenched hands, and then pushed back from the bar, standing up straight and looking down at Mark.  “Ten hours, eh?”
“Of course not! But it doesn’t look very safe. It looks really dark inside.”

“Oh this is Myra, she has been here for quite some time. Eleven years in fact. She…well she…” the headmistress trailed off in her own thoughts.

“Well, let’s take a look at it, then,” said Julie.
But that isn’t to say it’s all bad, taping a kids version. There are certain benefits to it. First, it’s good ratings. They like kids. They do and say funny things. Even these kids, who were mostly pretty serious outdoors people already, hunting, foraging, and camping with their families. Plus they’re innocent. Except for Adam, apparently.
Before I knew what I was doing I was back in the kitchen looking for a knife or something to defend myself.
“The thing that will kill you is gathering skins.”
It came across a stray white hair, attached it to a strand of silk hanging from it’s spinneret, and dragged it along behind it as it crawled down the counter to the floor, and entered the back room. It approached a garbage bag laying in front of the back door; easily slit the plastic bag of hair open, and began to emit a shrill sound reminiscent of a whistling kettle. Slowly over the next several minutes little white hairs slipped out of the bag, and slinked towards the source of the noise.
What’s happening to me?
That was it.
“Triple A,” she said.
I didn’t tell the police about the guy I saw on the street. I never told them about the tooth – I’d forgotten about both in all the panic.
Coco: Hey Julian.
It was in winter we had our wakeup call.
Julie and I hopped in the backseat, and Billy told Peter to sit up front. Billy got in the back with us and that made me uncomfortable. Like he thought he was gonna score with us.
A strange curiosity overcame him and Kent was compelled to look through one of the broken panes. There were slivers of light coming through cracks in the ceiling, revealing broken furniture and dead rodents. In the center, a single beam illuminated a figure sitting on a small stool. It was a little boy.
Fake.
What if they decided to come that very night, or the next? Maybe next week, or two months later?
“Mom?  What’s going on? What’s wrong?” Jake asked, crying himself.
“Stop what?” asked Keaton. “Who you talking to?”
“Don’t worry. When the time comes, you’ll do what you have to do. Just remember, there’s only one bullet. So make it count.”
I also tore apart my apartment looking for something that I might have missed; some way to contact another human being without opening the door. I know it’s crazy, I know it’s unfounded, but what if? WHAT IF? I just need to be sure! I taped the phone to the ceiling in case
“Oh, shit. Oh, shit shit, shit, shit.”
“You say you found these in your backyard?”
It was somewhere between the adult woman’s hand and the floor. Mid-air. It was not touching anything that I could see and was completely still despite the strong breeze. My mind raced through the options. Wires wouldn’t explain how it was so still. Maybe it was actually solid and only looked like thin paper. Either way, I let go of the handle. If they really were performers, no harm in staying inside and leaving them there. I had neighbors, so even if there was a problem then other people would be aware of it. I rationalized it to myself and turned away, unable to get rid of the throbbing cold in my stomach. I walked into my kitchen, made a mug of tea and sipped it, trying to warm myself despite my already perfectly heated house. I couldn’t help myself. I walked over to the window. They were still there, hadn’t moved an inch. But I was closer now. Looking back, I wish my window had been further away. I wish it was thicker and soundproofed. But is wasn’t. So I could hear them. The walkers were talking.
I sat across from him, for the first time, and found myself rather disappointed actually. He was a swarthy man of middling height and unassuming features. Could this truly be the man who perpetrated such inhuman and disturbing atrocities?
Even so, I have resolved to hide – quickly, before the chief inspector gets here – these pages which I wrote down while waiting for his arrival and having used the pen and paper of the dead man to do so, and hide them inside that pile of the thousands of pages he wrote, as if my own also had been part of his journal. And I wish to act in this way because I keep some hope that if I make such a concession to my superstitious line of thinking I may be allowed to avoid any other agonies of the kind which seem to have ambushed me in this place!
I was still reeling from all this when I started hearing the familiar sound of two people making out. My boyfriend’s hand wasn’t anywhere near mine anymore. Perhaps it never was.

* * * * * *
That wasn’t what made my stomach sink. That wasn’t what stopped my heart. There was more below, scrawled and handwritten in red:
Keaton stared at me for a moment with a look of surprise on his face. “Well, there’s a start. Now we’re getting somewhere.”
When it was time to go home, Erica was the first one to come out of the water. Caleb, on the other hand, was still swimming. She remembered how his eyes sparkled when he told her he loved to swim. He said he hung out with his dad on a nearby beach, where they used to live, before his parents got divorced. She smiles at the thought of him sharing this piece of his life with her.
Coco: What, didn’t you hear me I just said I don’t like coffee, oh and now he’s gone, great.

Coco: Don’t think about it, don’t think about it.

“There’s a woman who lives here. She looks exactly like me. My friend mistook her for me. And she sounds like me. I heard it with my own voice. She spoke to me! She spoke to me through the door! Where is the woman that lives here?”
“What the fuck have you done…?” I muttered, and then screamed, “NO, REMUS!”
The dreams kept on, frequently following her into her waking moments. Sometimes she’d open her eyes to see the doll coming towards her, life-sized as if in the form of a grown woman, reaching towards her, groping at her. Other times it was the girl with the misshapen body who she awoke to, standing at the foot of the bed – sometimes weeping, sometimes glaring. It was unnerving but the apparitions always vanished within a few seconds. Amber supposed that she might be losing her mind…but being crazy was better than being boring so she tolerated her circumstances.
Luvia dying.
The interview went well, and I headed home with a skip in my step. When I was on the hyper train, though, there was this one guy who seemed to keep looking in my direction… No, no… he was looking at my… at my face. I decided it was just one guy… right? You get weirdos on the train all the time, so I just tried to distract myself with a newspaper. I picked it up and looked through the headlines.
Jimmy lifted his eyes from his work, looked at George’s reflection and replied, “Sal, no, what’s up with him?” He probably spent more time hovering over people, talking to their reflections in the large mirror on the wall than he did conversing with them face to face. This unique perspective of people in his profession never failed to make him feel more like a fly on the wall than an actual participant in a conversation.
“You are not what we’re looking for. You’re not… robust enough for testing.”
He asked in a casual tone.
“Just tell us if you run into some beast with razor-sharp teeth that’s ‘gathering skins’, okay? Then we’ll think it’s more than just a funny coincidence.”
“First door on the right, down the hall,” I said. Destiny pulled away and went. I’d lied, of course. I was sending her to the computer room. Tracer could help me clean up the mess afterward.
I was with him on that odious occasion, and saw him inject into the still veins the elixir which he thought would to some extent restore life’s chemical and physical processes. It had ended horribly—in a delirium of fear which we gradually came to attribute to our own overwrought nerves—and West had never afterward been able to shake off a maddening sensation of being haunted and hunted. The body had not been quite fresh enough; it is obvious that to restore normal mental attributes a body must be very fresh indeed; and a burning of the old house had prevented us from burying the thing. It would have been better if we could have known it was underground.
SpriteShark’s next video was uploaded the next day. No two-week wait this time. I opened it the instant I saw it.
Dawn had begun to lighten the sky by now and Luke could see the man in all too vivid detail as he turned and looked towards Luke. The man smiled an unnervingly broad smile that looked to almost unhinge his jaw as his eyes widened and dilated like an animal glimpsing wounded prey.
“Uh, hi. I’m-”
It then attached them one-by-one to the ever lengthening strand of silk trailing behind it. It crawled back to the place in the ceiling it originally came through with its collection of twitching white things in tow, and slipped out of sight. The laden silk strand quickly followed, and vanished into the ceiling as well.
“The water’s great, Erica!” Caleb chimes at her.
“I had to know for sure. I saw Momma, Rosie,” she put a hand on my cheek. “Out in the woods.”
“That one’s named Big Ed, Junie!” we said. “Can you say ‘Big Ed’?” we said. Sarah-Beth always tried to name one America, but I always told her that you can’t rightly name a pig something like that ‘less you’re just askin’ for someone to get confused. Then Sarah-Beth would oink like a sure hog, and we would fall in the mud and laugh our cheeks red. She looked just like Momma when she smiled, right down to the gums.
“Oh, of course,” she said abruptly. “I guess I can’t get there by walking, huh?”
I suddenly cursed living alone, wishing I could at least talk to someone. Maybe if there were houses on the other side of the street, I could at least communicate with the person across the street from me. But it was just open fields. I used to like that view. I looked down the street again. And again, my spine felt like it was crawling out of my body. Maybe I have some sort of ability to spot things that were out of place in just a glance. But something else was wrong. The lights from the houses were out. The only lights that were on were the three closest houses on the right. I looked the other way and they were all on, all the way down the street. That’s how it usually was until much later in the night. I looked back and tried to see details in the blacked-out houses. Probably a power-cut. But why was it just those ones? Weren’t we all on the same grid? Then a flash. The furthest house’s lights just went out. All of them at the same time, like a fuse had blown.
“I don’t know, I thought you would know but apparently not.”
Despite the unsettling dreams and odd waking moments, Amber continued onwards with her regular routine. She continued to crave fried onions and jam out to bands like Kittie, Rob Zombie and Soil. She also continued to smoke and drink, figuring a kid with fetal alcohol syndrome could get her disability benefits.
“How do you feel about what you’ve done, Sayyid? How can you live with yourself after having done those things? I could barely stand to listen to them, I can’t even imagine… You… You’re a monster. A fucking monster!” I shouted at him. The guards looked in, but, seeing that I was in no danger, did not intervene.
So, I sat down, defeated. A feeling of dread filled my body, as I started to cry. I was going to die here.
“Awaiting input.”
More light was allowed in as the doorway opened, and I could see the back of a chair, lying on the ground. More light rushed in and shone on the rest of the room. The sickening sound of fibers rubbing against each other while under tension. The groaning of the water pipes sounded overhead, clear as day. I had seen enough. I turned to close the door as something stopped me dead. Scrawled on the door, in his own blood, Mr. Brown had written: “She will lead the way.” And below that was written what looked to be a jumble of words. “Cthulhu.”
“Hey,” said a clear male voice, obviously of college age, like me. “Who’s this?”
From there, we were told what to collect. Our team of five consists of members who are individually specialized in different areas. Jamal is our ecology scientist; Farrah is our psychology and sociology specialist; Henrietta is our media and communications tech; Norman is the forensic examiner; I am the basic data collection specialist. Jamal was to assist Norman in the location of organic evidence, and checking DNA results in the ICC employee database. Farrah was to speak with emergency response personnel to gather information on the initial observations of the colony. Henrietta would check all communication logs for inbound or outbound signals and messages received through the stations com-channels. Finally, and unsurprisingly, I was to conduct routine basic data collection in all personal cabin logs, as well as collecting meter and technical information from the bridge of the station. This was in line with every assignment I have been given before. Every time we’ve reached a planetary colony, solar orbiter, or planetary preliminary colony like this one, I have been tasked with the same things. If I come up with any unusual information, I report it to my supervising officer and then restart all systems on board.
My eyes shoot open as the phone rings. I’m at home in my chair. I jolt up and out to my mirror. I feel my head where it hit the steering wheel and there’s nothing. There’s no pain, no bruises or cuts, nothing. Confused I run to Brynn’s room; she’s sleeping peacefully in her crib.

In fact, I can actually hear footsteps. I wonder who that is?
“What do you mean?”
I began immediately on the bottom left, removing it from my face in the same slow, methodical fashion. Then came the next eye. I was much quicker with removing the infected skin on the other side after a little practice. I felt the blade cut slightly into my eyeball, but I cared very little at that point. I was able to cut away most of the top right eyelid, but ended up just yanking the rest off to save time. Finally came off the bottom right eyelid who soon joined the rest of the blood and tissue collected in the sink.
Still, there was something a little off about that conversation. I know it could have just been the alcohol she’d had… or was it even her that seemed off to me? Or was it… yes, that was it! I didn’t realize it until this moment, writing these things down. I knew writing things down would help. She said she was at a party, but I only heard silence in the background! Of course, that doesn’t mean anything in particular, as she could have just gone outside to make the call. No… that couldn’t be it either. I didn’t hear the wind! I need to see if the wind is still blowing.
So I did as I was told.
“Looks like you juuuust made it,” the man said with a grin and gave a little wink to Kent. “You two have fun.”
At sunrise, the screaming stopped as if it had been cut off. The searchers spent another hour coming the brush, then came back with haggard, stricken faces.
Then, when she was nineteen, she met Jaxson.
I didn’t bother with any last minute thinking that I knew wouldn’t get me anywhere.
And I certainly had never been so negatively affected by something that I had a breakdown like that.
“How are you going to explain the missing rounds?”
Kent tried to imagine himself firing a gun as he ran his thumb over the pistol hammer. He nodded in acknowledgment, then turned his eyes to the setting sun. “Can I stay here ‘til morning?”
Her eyes get big and her lip puffs out with the threat of oncoming tears. That doesn’t matter, though. I have what I need. I look to the sky and scream out, “I’m sorry, Emily! We didn’t mean to! Please, leave my baby alone! I never meant to take it! She deserves to live!” There are tears falling from my eyes and spit is flying from my lips. “PLEASE!”
“Fuck twelve,” said Keaton.
Peter abandoned his search and continued to rummage around.
“Be back in a jiff,” said Keaton. “Peter, feel free to have your way with her. She ain’t kicking, anymore.” Keaton jogged off into the woods in the direction Julie had gone. As I saw him running, I compared it to the way I saw Julie run into the woods. She was hurt, but Keaton strode like a healthy buck. He would surely catch her. Keaton disappeared into the darkness just past the tree line.

I wasn’t surprised to find my story heavily edited down into a blurb about search and rescue looking for an unknown man near Oak Street. All mention of the screaming had been removed except that Georgina Hicks had first been alerted to the man’s plight after hearing a scream. I decided that I was okay with the butchering my story had undergone and that, if I’d been more awake, I’d have made a lot of the omissions myself. A small-time local reporter doesn’t have much credit but he has to hold on to what he’s got.
We decided at that moment that we would reduce our checks on Dennett, and all checks would have at least 10 crew members present. For insurance purposes, we’d keep asking him for footage, but we knew he wouldn’t appear in the actual show, and we would figure out how to manufacture his exit later.
Watching TV has always been one of our favorite things to do. In the early years, this proved difficult. Remus, being the stronger of our halves, would pull me until the remote was always within reach of his arm and out of that of mine. I didn’t usually mind, though, and eventually, Mum saved up enough from her job waitressing at the local American-style diner called Frank’s to buy a second TV. From then on it didn’t matter who sat closest to the remote.
“Goddammit, we’re stuck!” said Julie, nearing a state of panic but not yet fully there.
“My apologies, ‘Shawn he likes that better’.” Shawn laughed more out courtesy than humor.
As soon as my engine shut off, I heard it too.
So naturally, my next move would be to booby trap my apartment. I live alone and don’t get any normal visitors. Even the landlord never bothers me as long as I pay my rent. So, setting up traps in my apartment wouldn’t be a danger to anyone except my stalker, and potentially myself.
And the building was wonderful! At first. I thought it was strange from the very beginning that I never seemed to see anyone taking advantage of the amazing amenities—there was never anyone in the pool, on the roof, or in the fitness center. I didn’t mind, of course, as this meant that I had these things all to myself! I joked with my friends that I was starting to think no one lived in the building but me, while I enjoyed what seemed like private access to all the great things in my building. But still, after a few weeks, it went from slightly weird to definitely unnerving. There was never anyone in the hallways, in the lobby… this is a huge building, twelve floors, and probably hundreds of people, yet I never saw anyone. Just the doormen that worked in the lobby of the building. After a few weeks, I talked to the night doorman about the lack of people, and how strange it all seemed to me.
My eyes glanced over the drab white-washed cylinder block walls and the heavy metal door with its small window.
I managed to see the same hospital room as I was in before, and I felt the same roughness of the bedsheets beneath me, crinkling as I shifted my body.
I didn’t believe him. I told him I would check it out the next night and no matter how hard he tried to convince me otherwise, $500 sounded too good to be true. I had to go. I set out the following night.
* * * * * *
“Like father, like son,” he said to the breadcrumb trail, and started down the path.
“Yes! Not really exploded, though. It was more… eaten. The thing in the sky leaned over and swallowed it.”
I didn’t do much of anything in 2016. I moved into a new apartment every couple of months or so, but more out of necessity than anything else.
“And she talked me like she knew me! It wasn’t until I looked down at my phone and saw you had texted me ‘1130’ instead of ‘1030’… jesus, I just bolted out the door and didn’t go back. I ran up a flight of stairs to get here, and, and… she looked like you, she sounded like you… and she’s right below us right now.”
“Katie, something’s wrong,” I began, whispering as quietly as possible.
“Would you mind if we danced over there?” I asked, pointing to the corner of the room closest to the bathroom.
“David,” He said in my voice, “What do you think you’re going to do?”
“What the hell’s going one ESA?” Laura blurted.  They were both getting a little irritated with the situation.  The astronauts could hear the man sigh and then begin talking to someone else that wasn’t them.  It was mostly muffled but small bits of phrases would make their way through unscathed, like “have to tell”, “what if it’s true”, and “better off than we are” before finally speaking in a voice clear enough that it was obvious he was speaking to them again.
“They require you to bear witness.”
“No time! Go! Now!” he pressed. Shit. This must be bad.
He dropped the phone and frantically tried to wipe the blood off. A slight movement in the ditch caught his attention. A small pale girl reached her hand towards him and shrieked.
I sluggishly turned my head to look at the wall clock. It was only 10:23 am. I had read all three magazines in eight minutes. I remember thinking this was going to be a long day. I was right.
Billy shrugged and took a big gulp. As he did, I felt a tickling sensation on my right leg that I thought was nothing at first. Then I felt it again and I looked down to see Billy’s fingertips steadily stroking the side of my leg. He did this as he drank from the flask, as if him not looking would make it less obvious. I ignored it for a second, but he persisted even after passing the flask to Peter.
I know I should have checked my brother, to see if there was anything I could have done to help him. I should have run up those stairs to find out why mother had been screaming. I should have called for help. I should have done a lot in that moment but the thing I saw on the top of the stairs made my blood run cold. There was nothing I could have done. Nothing could have made what I saw right. A knarred mess of a large sized dog appeared at the top of the stair case. It was the stray my brother had snuck in for a while and was hiding in his room. The dog was coated in my mother’s blood, its skin hung lose on its body. There where patches of fur and bare skin scattered across its figure. Open sores dripped a brown red colored blood from the thing. Its jaw hung strangely, as though broken in places. In that moment I did the only thing that made sense; I through my cat at the thing on the stairs and ran for the front door. As I reached for the handle, I could hear a mess of a fight happening behind me; my once beloved cat screaming and wailing at the deformed dog that let out its own terrible screams. I couldn’t help but to hope my cat would win that fight.
“Well, that’s the hard part, you see… I need life, Jeremy. Human life. I know it’s a lot… nut we need to kill someone. I can show you how, it’s not that hard. But it has to be done in a certain way.”
I don’t rightly think mice can talk, though.
Sister did not care for her son as she should have – as God and goodness alike demand that a mother should care for her child. She would not change the boy’s soiled diapers, leaving this to me instead, and would ‘forget’ to feed him even when his hungry wailing was ringing shrill and miserable through the whole house. Eventually she began to take him out begging, using the child as a prop with which to elicit the sympathy of strangers. She was most pleased when he looked his worst, and even complained to me once or twice that she could raise no money at all on days that he looked ‘too healthy.’
“For Christ’s sake,” he said. “What a greek drama.” He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a large pocketknife and folded out the shining survival knife he’d mentioned before. “Okay, so here’s what we’re gonna do.”
The stranger looked at him for several seconds, his frown unchanging.  Mark noticed that the man had exceptionally blue eyes.  Then, the frown vanished and was replaced by the previous bright smile.  It happened so quickly that it startled Mark.  “Sure, buddy!” the stranger said affably, and held out his huge hand.  “The name’s Roger!”

I stepped out into the cold winter air and popped the hood and fruitlessly examined the engine. I wasn’t sure if I was actually looking for something or if I was just trying to calm Julie. I waved my phone’s flashlight around which illuminated the various complicated car parts. Something was leaking, that I could see.
This was months ago. I called the police. They investigated. Nothing turned up. They’re sure she just left him. Moved away.
You can call me Jed, I’ve grown up in a city, and that’s where I had stayed for almost my whole existence. I lived on my own in an apartment, but that’s where this whole thing started. It was getting more challenging every passing month to pay rent, and that was in an apartment in the rougher parts of the area. My credit wasn’t where it probably should have been, so I really couldn’t manage to get a home in the city at all. I finally had to settle on a small trailer, in the woods. It was about four hours away from my old place, with my sister begrudgingly agreeing to help me move out. I didn’t have many belongings, so it proved to be a generally easy task.
Luke’s eyes struggled to focus on the table as the Rag and Bone Man walked back and stood next to the burning top of the stove.
“Pull it together,” I hissed, acutely aware that I myself was far from pulled together.
“Well, we can’t necessarily kill them, but we can send them back to where they came from. You see, the Aberrations are from Earth, just not our Earth. On occasion, the walls between our dimensions… tear, so to speak. This allows these things to slip through and cause havoc. Thing is, we never know what to expect because there are so many different variables.”
I.
I made dinner, I sat down, YouTube was on in the background. My eyes were on my phone and my food. The hallway was empty. It’s eyes were on me.
“I’m going to blow out my candles.”  Her son brushed the hair from his eyes…Mike always let him slack on the haircuts when she wasn’t there…and puffed his cheeks in anticipation of a large enough exhalation to extinguish six candles.  Before he had a chance to blow, however, Mike caught him with another question earning something of a perturbed expression for his efforts.
When it spoke, I heard the words of the little girl, but the other form spoke through my mind in a voice I won’t attempt to describe. There was no other sound. The voice just kept repeating that sentence over and over in my mind and I agreed. I didn’t know what to do. I was slipping into madness, yet couldn’t take my eyes off what was in front of me. I dropped to the floor. I thought I had passed out, but the room wouldn’t let me. I just wanted it to end. I was on my side, my eyes wide open and the form staring down at me. Scurrying across the floor in front of me was one of the battery-powered rats from the second room.
Nothing was missing, or amiss.
Something told me it would not be a good idea to say, “So what,” so I kept my mouth shut. Instead, I sat down next to her.
She made a sound of disapproval. “Mike, you can’t take her out running around all over. She just got shots today and you don’t know how she will handle them. Why don’t you bring her over here for the day? That way you can do your shopping and clean the house in peace while we have Mimi and Brynn time.”
“Enough pleasantries. It’s about time we got down to business.” He paused. “How would you like to be whole again?”
My hands lose feeling.
Billy released his hand from Julie’s mouth and she immediately started to wail, futilely calling for help that would never come. Not out here.
Chapter 2
There is a monster in your home. It is there right now and it is waiting to kill you. It will kill you tonight. I can save you.
I don’t know how I had done it – maybe it was just my state of mind at the time – but I had created the door. I knew I had. In my madness, I had scratched into the wall what I needed the most: an exit to the next room. Room seven was close. I knew the demon was right behind me, but for some reason, it couldn’t touch me. I closed my eyes and placed both hands on the large seven in front of me. I pushed. I pushed as hard as I could. The demon was now screaming in my ear. It told me I was never leaving. It told me that this was the end but I wasn’t going to die; I was going to live there in room six with it. I wasn’t. I pushed and screamed at the top of my lungs. I knew I was going to push through the wall eventually.
Others times she would just look at me, longingly, but not at my face. I’d catch her staring at my bare feet, or the top of my head. Anytime I brought it up she would just brush it off. She would claim to have zoned out, or was just feeling funny. When I questioned the comments or gestures, she would get upset and tell me that I was attacking her sense of humor. There was no way around it, and eventually I just let it be.
It probably would’ve been smart to just move to a different place, but my anxiety dictated most of my decisions.
There was so much blood… It was all over my hands, all over the carpet, all over me.
“Past where they paint the houses…”
“And why don’t you like the number three?”
The Mimi’s are transfixed.
“Hmm…well, like I said, you’re free to go anytime you wish. In the meantime, let’s play a game to pass the time. Billy, what should we play?”
I finally had everything I had ever wanted only for it to be ripped away. A large part of me died that day as well, I had given up on life completely now that it was all gone again and…I wept. I wept for what felt like hours, was I cursed? Doomed to live a horrible life? No, I didn’t want that. I learned growing up how to take certain situations towards my advantage, but how was I going to do this? I was just an eleven-year-old kid lost in the woods with nothing to eat or warmth from the cold. I was surely going to die out here. I needed to make a fire somehow first but there was no lighters or matches in the glove box. I guess that I could hide and seek shelter inside the trunk of the car, it was better than standing out in the cold.
“What?”
“Save it for later, okay?” Kent requested, and Brian wrapped up the bread and stuffed it in his knapsack.
“We got plenty of room,” said Keaton. “Ya’ll can just cop a ride with us.”
We had a good enough routine before her mother left us about three months ago. Since then we have just tried to make the best of our situation and establish new routines, for Brynn and me.
He wouldn’t watch the footage. He outright refused, and was getting angrier by the minute. The tone in his voice changed. “Fuck you if you think you can make us go. Come back with this bullshit again and you’ll see what we can do.” We left him for the night.
After 19 kills, I had finally been caught. I felt incomplete, like a huge part of me had just been taken away. Obviously, I knew I was going to jail for what I had done which meant I would never get my 20th kill. I would be incomplete for the rest of my life.
“I’m so sorry Francis. The judge ordered an immediate examination of his mental state and you were the only psychiatrist I knew who wouldn’t have shot me dead as soon as I called.”
“Of course not! Were you?”

Amber had briefly considered joining Lara as a stripper using the moniker Morphine but she was too flat-chested for it and deathly scared of needles so plastic surgery was out of the question.
“I’m all yours, Jeremy.” When it happened a third time, two weeks later, I had to ask about it.
So now you see my pain. I dreamed many dreams for my son. I knew he could be anything when he was come of age. But I never thought he’d be ungrateful.
Did I want to go on the search?
Damn it, and I had really wanted to go on that cruise, too. Ah, well. Not worth whatever horrific fate awaited me in that cold dark ocean.
The episode began the same. With the strange intro and the large puppets. After the one puppet made the terrifying sound, Colwin replied, “You’re right, we should play a game!” He then grabbed a knife off the counter. It cut to a live-action arm painted orange to represent Colwin’s. The knife went up to the arm and started to cut slits, each one deeper than the last. Colwin started to scream a bloodcurdling scream.
“Roger?”
15 minutes into it, I heard the screams coming from inside. Both my best friend and my wife were wailing in terror.
Perhaps one day I could bring her story to light and make the world understand the horrors it had turned a blind eye to for so long.
It hurt so much, but the payoff was more than worth it. I would never have to look at those eyes ever again and could finally move on with my life. I washed away the blood from my face and the sink, as well as threw out the cursed eyelids. As I finished drying my face, I looked up in the mirror and couldn’t believe what I saw. Those eyes. Those same eyes. My new eyes were intensely bloodshot. The pupils were so wide they nearly swallowed all the white in an inescapable darkness. Their shape was so perfectly round; symmetrically circular in every way. I stared at myself in the mirror because that was all that I could do. I could only stare back at the same creature I had been hiding from for all this time. The eyes had finally caught up with me. Everyone now calls me ‘The Eyelid Man.’
Chris was my best friend; as close to a brother as I’d known. We’d grown up together, and visited each other at college often, and spent the summers together. After college, we’d moved to different cities, but we stayed in close contact.
“The thing that will kill you is sharpening its teeth.”
Sharply, and with surprising force, she bludgeoned his head repeatedly until he collapsed, limp and denigrated on the carpet.
Eventually, my parents took me to the doctor. While I was waiting in the examination room, I counted the jars on the desk (three, three, three, three), the lights in the room (six, six, six, six), and anything else in the room that my eyes fell upon. After waiting eight minutes and 54 seconds, my doctor, Dr. Stephanie, finally arrived. She started asking me questions that made me uncomfortable, but I knew my parents wanted me to answer, so I did.
Susie Applebee-Reagan, 13.
“Uh…” Peter nervously racked his brain for what seemed like a very long time. He blinked rapidly and frequently and his eyes darted and zipped like hummingbirds. I couldn’t tell if he was extremely nervous or deranged or both.
But, nobody did.
“Camilla…” Brittany lowers her hands and sends me a wide-eyed look of epiphany. “I knew it…”
Your face is streaked with tears, and you’re exhausted and still terrified over what you just went through, but you’re relieved.
After I was arrested for Ellis’ murder, the cops launched a full investigation on me. They connected 17 out of the 18 other murders I had committed to me. The only one they couldn’t prove I did was Parker, but at that point, it didn’t matter. I had killed more people in thirty-eight years than three serial killers do in their whole lifetime, combined. My court trial went as anyone would expect: I plead not guilty, there was way too much evidence against me, I was found guilty. The worst part was when the judge was reading the verdict, he granted me 19 life sentences, one for every person I had killed. He knew it would be another odd number that would nag me for the rest of my life.

“Well, sir, um…I was seven months into my second tour overseas when my wife, Chloe, was in an accident. She was driving during a severe thunderstorm and ran into a tree across the road.” Shawn gulped and struggled to shoo away a tear he felt forming. “She didn’t die. Not right away, at least. She was in critical condition though and I tried to get home, I tried so hard. But my request wasn’t approved in time and she… succumbed to her injuries. I couldn’t get out of Iraq. I missed the funeral. The second I saw my commander I punched him as hard as I could, right across his face, for denying my leave. I know it was wrong, I just couldn’t help myself. So, when I finished my tour, they gave me the boot.”
“Brian!” he called out sporadically, his lone voice reverberating through the cold iron walls.
Julian: Nonsense, all you have to do is read off this script! Anyone can have a radio-show these days.
“No. We’re not. Get out of my way.” My anger level was reaching maximum threshold. At this point, Keaton was like a bratty little child that you just wanted to trip or knock over, accidentally-on-purpose. He still had a snide sneer on his face that made him look like a sleazy conman or a lying politician. Those stupid nostrils flared and his obnoxious chewing rang in my ears like rippling mosquito wings. I clenched my fist.
Coco: What was the plan for if the water ran out?
“This is a nice place you’ve got,” she said sweetly. My apartment had been cleaned up a bit in anticipation of Tracer’s arrival. I didn’t want to put her off, after all.
But I don’t scream. Not once. I don’t want anyone to know.
A long pause followed. Mason shot a quick glance back to the grimy glassy peephole. The same wrinkled gray face stared back at him, or at least it looked the same. At length, the figure moved its gangly body to the right only to be replaced by another disgusting face from the left side. There were more out there. Mason continued to stare for unending seconds in dreadful and mortal fascination. The computer beeped and Mason returned to the task at hand just as the face at the door was replaced again with another face.
“Not when you’re twelve.”
“FUCK!” he shouted.
“But won’t you get bored waiting?” It was just like Brian to be concerned about other people having fun.
We still await the day we get to see this classic creepypasta turned into a Russian Sleep Experiment movie
I was greeted by fog as I opened the door to room two. The room definitely upped the ante in terms of technology. Not only was there a fog machine, but a bat hung from the ceiling and flew in a circle. Scary. They seemed to have a Halloween soundtrack that one would find in a 99 cent store on loop somewhere in the room. I didn’t see a stereo, but I guessed they must have used a PA system. I stepped over a few toy rats that wheeled around and walked with a puffed chest across to the next area.
He had barely gotten a grip on it (it was alI’m a reporter in Southern Oregon. This is the story that you will never read in my newspaper.

I took a few deep breaths then reached my hand out to grab the door handle. But i hesitated. I really did not want to see what was going to be behind that door next, but i had no other options. I gripped the handle firmly and swung the door open. I gazed inside and saw pure white. No shapes, no figures, no shadows. Just empty white. I figured that would be a nice change from empty black so i sighed as i stepped inside. But as i expected, the white suddenly faded and now i was somewhere else. I heard distant screaming and pounding in every direction. I looked around and saw cages, cells lining the walls going down for what looked like miles. They’re were what looked like people inside the cells, but they were mangled. Twisted. Contorted beyond belief. One to my right slammed its eyeless face into the bars of the cell and screeched at me. Green ooze dripped from its mouth as it chewed at the bars with its jagged teeth, trying to escape i presumed. I backed away slowly and gulped down the wads of saliva forming in my throat, then to my surprise a pair of hands wrapped around my shoulders and pulled me into the bars of the cell that was behind me. The creature holding me was screaming and howling in my ears and scratching my shoulders up as it tried pulling me through the bars. I started panicking and managed to wiggle free of its grip. I decided it would be best to stay in the middle of the isle and not get close to any of the hideous beings locked in the cells.
Possession – either demonic or ghostly – was the ultimate in interesting and thereby piqued Amber’s curiosity.
Go to a mirror. That in there, that’s me. Turn off all the lights except for the dimmest one; too much light screws it up. Take your arms, put them straight out, and put them up against mine, through the glass. Do your best to relax, and when you are ready, close your eyes. Count to three and then I will pull you through to safety. We can work out what to do next once you’re in.
I know I took some pills to make sure that I’d remain awake and aware throughout the night, but my recollection of that evening just fizzles past a certain point.
Some of the patrons began to grumble and mutter inaudible things. Kent was completely entranced by the terror swirling in the sickly man’s eyes.
“I…I guess. I don’t know.”
I splashed out of the tub and ran to my room – our room – and put something on myself and went out to go sit on the stairs. Anything to get out of there.
The creature was moving straight for me, every step bringing it at least a hundred feet closer. The red orb that was one of its heads glowed brighter as it came closer. It was like it could sense me.
“Computer, where is everyone? What happened to the crew of SSE Sentinel?”
Collin: Yeah, he decided that the best government job for me would be to work at Port-lands only news station to help me get rehabilitated with our town’s current affairs.
“Yes!  Please, Mom!”  Jake looked up at her, pleadingly.  A moment passed.  Jake thought he heard his mother crying, too.
It has been three days and nights since I first met with its cold gaze and sickening grin. I can’t look out of any door or window without seeing its face staring back at me. The last time I went out for food was over a week ago, and so I am beginning to run low on supplies. The shotgun that I bought to defend myself is starting to look incredibly inviting, and I am afraid that I won’t be able to stand this much longer. Having been cut off from the outside world, I plan to leave this handwritten note where someone is sure to discover it. If worse comes to worst, at least word of what happened to me out here will get out.
“Where’s the bus?” he asked, still looking out the window.
I found something I shouldn’t have, or maybe I should, I don’t know. I was helping my parents move out of their old house and into mine. Their house was about ten miles from the nearest town and even farther from a hospital. This scared me ever since the doctors diagnosed my mother with early Alzheimer’s. I decided it was time they moved in with me. I was packing everything into boxes in the basement when I stumbled across my father’s old C.B. radio. He loved that thing and as a kid, I enjoyed turning the dial trying to find any voice in a sea of static. I twisted the dial for nostalgia’s sake and tried to find any semblance of a station. I was speechless when I heard a voice ring out through the speakers. As I listened, I realized this wasn’t some ordinary station, this was a radio station playing from a town that didn’t exist, that couldn’t exist. I decided to write down everything they said, and hopefully, someone will know what to do with this, because right now I’m out of ideas.
How wrong I was.
No. They wouldn’t be so methodical and relentless unless they had no reason to believe they would be caught. I know it’s dumb to think like this, but I knew in my gut that it was pointless to dwell on it.

“I’m not gonna fall for that one, Caleb!”
“She’s probably hungry,” I said.

Julian: Yes, the symptoms include continuous screaming, depressing monologues, and frantic suicide attempts.
He heard an earthy scrape from above and pleaded for forgiveness. “Mother, please, I didn’t mean to look. I’m sorry. Please, Mother–”
I was speechless and starting to shake. I could smell copper in my nose, and my head got whoosie, especially after we heard the screamin’ coming from the woods again. Sarah-Beth jumped at the sound. I didn’t. I felt like my body was full of dust, like I was about to float away. The pigs started squeelin’.
At first I scratched softly. The wall was tough, but I knew the door was there somewhere. I just knew it was. I scratched at where the doorknob was. I clawed at the wall frantically with both hands, my nails being filed down to the skin against the wood. I fell silently to my knees, the only sound in the room the incessant scratching against the wall. I knew it was there. The door was there, I knew it was just there. I knew if I could just get past this wall –
“Me too,” Julie replied. “You guys ready to get fucked up at this party?
The stress began to settle in soon after. I started losing a little more sleep each night. The feelings progressed. I began noticing random flashes of a single image in my mind. These images all happened at odd, inconsistent intervals throughout my day. Every now and then out of the corner of my eye or occasionally after blinking, my brain registered a single image for a split second though nothing was ever there. The weird thing about it was that it was always the same image: two wide, unyielding eyes staring at me. Now, the feeling of being watched was consistently an issue, so I wanted to blame the image on the stress or lack of sleep, but the surprise of seeing those eyes staring back at me was not something I could brush off so easily. They were wide; very wide. They appeared to be slightly bloodshot and very very still.
Her glazed eyes stared back at him with empty fascination. “You bitch. You killed Peg.”
“Sir, we have the Cognizant in question,” one of the men said. The man in the chair almost fell back in surprise, then sat forward and looked at me.
His sister’s dead look gave no response. (He wondered why.)
These days, I wake up from my dream where I fight the little monster about twice a week. Some nights I win. Some nights it gets away. Some nights Kaylee wakes up screaming and we fall back asleep together. You can’t kill a dream, but you can share one.
“I thought you said the party was close,” I said, confused. “Why do we need your car?”
Describing his story isn’t exactly easy. See, one thing about the show is these guys are really alone. Like, really alone. We drop them off, give them their chosen 10 items of survival gear (knife, ax, tarp, fishing line, stuff like that – they get to choose the 10 items themselves), video equipment, and say good luck. Oh, and there’s the emergency satellite phone they use for when they finally tap. It also allows us to track their movements. Usually, at least. Of course, out in the wild, with tall, dense forests and the typical cloud cover of Vancouver Island, connections can be tricky. We leave them be until they hit the button to come home except in the cases of super survivors. And for Will.
You must have seen something in my face because, at that moment, you asked if had I found anything.
Those are things I should have done, but I didn’t. I had never thought of myself as an adrenaline junkie, but this experience had awoken something in me I didn’t know existed.
I don’t remember how long I was there before the SWAT team came. I don’t know who alerted them or how they got in. I remember wandering the school in a daze, the only living person in a mausoleum.
I lifted myself from the ground and clenched the knife in my hand.
On one outside camera view, you could see Timothy round the front of the shelter, ready to light up the mysterious animal. As he ran just out of view of that camera, a second outside camera picked him up, still running toward the brush, accidentally running into a thick branch from a nearby tree, knocking the flashlight from his hands, dropping to the ground and illuminating the camera’s view far too bright to see anything.
“You’re not serious about the freak show, right?” Lara asked a few weeks later as Amber packed up to visit Jaxson. “I mean, you’re not really gonna show the kid off for cash… are you?”
“Emily, you need to calm the hell down,” Katie said. “Come on, breathe. In and out. In and out. We’re going to be fine, we’re going to get out of here and everything will be okay.”
I sat there at my desk, my mind a war zone between two conflicting, contradictory voices, when I felt a force tugging on my sleeve. The moment I noticed this, my jacket sleeve tore open. I saw your name on my arm, and then your hand that had ripped my jacket open.
Instead of the Halo Assault Rifle, I saw Tracer’s dual SMGs. I saw her health bar instead of Halo’s shield bar. I could only stare in confusion, but I continued to play. I didn’t know what I was looking at… but curiosity now outweighed my fear.
Around lunchtime, I decided it would be a good idea to go out so that at least I was surrounded by people and if anything happened they could maybe help.
There wasn’t much more he could tell me. I thanked him and took my teeth with me and in the parking lot I threw up as discreetly as I could beside my car. When I looked up – over the hood, at the edge of the parking lot beside the busy freeway the university stood beside – I could see that figure again. Dark loose pants, a hoodie, the hood up. They stood against the falling sun and were in shadow. They were still. They were staring at me.
“Excuse me!” I said loudly, “Can I speak to you for a minute? I just want to speak to you! Hey! Open the door! Open the door!”
If you’ve ever seen the History Channel’s TV show Alone, you’ll know that the animals our participants encounter are often some of the scariest things about the show. Sure, many starve themselves (willfully or not), hook themselves in the hand, cut their legs, and whatnot, but there’s nothing more dramatic than when the dark of night overcomes their camp and they hear a rustling and grumbling right outside of their shelter. But one of these moments you’ve never seen is the story of Timothy, who tried to fight back against his aggressor and lost. For the first time, this is his story made public.
“Are you alright?”
She didn’t say anything for a while, just standin’ with the morning sun on her face looking real intent at something. “I just had to know. ‘Cuz I saw what got to that pig last. It looked just like Momma.”
The next day in class, I was doing my Counts and I only counted sixteen, sixteen, sixteen, sixteen students. Parker wasn’t here. Ms. Sullivan gathered us all in a circle and started speaking to us in a somber voice.
Julian: That’s a great idea, Coco! we will take a short break so we can go grab some coffee, what kind of coffee would you like Coco?
I ran downstairs and through the living room and stormed into the kitchen, finding my dad and little sister there eating breakfast. I smiled and hugged my dad tighter than i ever had, almost making him choke on the eggs in his mouth.
The shack was of modest size, with scattered patches of chipped blue paint, peeling off and hanging like a willow tree. It looked sturdy and seemed as though someone was keeping up with repairs. Kent stepped lightly up the creaky porch steps and knocked on the door, simultaneously realizing that Brian could very well be inside and that his knock could be met with violence. He took a few steps back and the door opened. A man in a dirty cap and hunting vest greeted him with a grim scowl.
“Hi, Moreen. It’s just me.”
“Brian…” he managed one last time, and fell unconscious.
The next evening, I walked back down again.
“Hold on there, kiddo. Ya gotta be at least this tall to ride,” proclaimed the ticket taker, thumbing towards the height requirement standee.
And then Roger had to ruin his brightening mood.  “So, what’s your wife’s name?”
“9-1-1, what is your emergency?”
The Adam we met in the Skype interview was clearly nervous. Brown hair, blue eyes, freckles, small, skinny, a little on the runt side, which wasn’t surprising as he was the youngest of six kids. Not just came from a big family, but a family big in prepping, though didn’t seem to be into it as much as his dad was. Sure, he had hunted, camped, been on adventure excursions (which I gather were more like militia training sessions), but he didn’t really seem to be all about it. But his dad signed him up for the casting call and arranged for the Skype session, and we thought his combined innocence and knowledge of survival tactics would play well to viewers.
Caleb lowered his face to hers. Placing his mouth close to her ear, he whispers, “I never got to tell you that I like you…” His icy breath raised all the hair on her sensitive neck. Erica struggled against his weight. She tried to scream for her dad, but every time she did so he held her mouth even tighter. It hurt her.
After picking up all of the children for the kids’ version of our TV show Alone, I knew Adam was a little different than the others. As one of the producers, it was my job to validate our casting department’s choice of participants, and kids are always hard to read from their Skype interviews. But when Adam showed up acting cool and calm, which was very different than his Skype interview — and from how most of the other kids acted upon meeting them at the airport – I thought that was strange. That would be just the first of many strange moments with Adam.
I guess I should get on with the main story here…
Upon their return, they found the chieftain’s son, curled up into a ball, shaking. The chieftain rushed to his son’s side and held him close. Suddenly, the son screamed and shoved his father away from him. “Please, no! Oh, god, no! Not you too, father! NOT YOU TOO, FATHER!” The son screamed those words so loudly that the other members of the tribe had to cover their ears from the sound. The young men of the tribe began to restrain the man, for fear that he might hurt himself. They bound him tight with ropes, while he flailed and kicked, wailing at the top of his lungs for them to leave him be. Once the men had finally restrained him, he lay there, quietly sobbing. He looked upon all of them in sheer terror, appearing to be seeing something that was not truly there. His sudden change in nature confounded the tribe. They wondered what had happened to him.
“To the left,” said Keaton, and then he repeated it a little more forcefully. Peter grabbed a small flask and shut the glovebox. Keaton snatched it out of his hands and popped the cap and took a big swig from it. He then held it out to me.
I can’t tell you exactly who my real parents were or what they looked like, hell I don’t even remember what they sounded like. I can tell you that ever since I was a baby I lived at an all-girls orphanage called ‘Ms. Shines Home For Sweet Girls.’ It wasn’t a horrible place but it wasn’t home sweet home either. I was a bit more closed off than the other curly haired, bonnet-wearing, rose-cheeked girls there. My long, brunette locks were never styled and hung down my face and back giving me as what others called a ‘Creepy’ persona, my bright almost teal colored eyes were covered by my bangs and I always pulled at the itchy frilly dresses the headmistress forced us to wear to look inviting for potential clients. The parents that came in wanting to adopt a precious angel to call their own hardly ever looked at me or gave me much thought, they paid more attention to the Shirley Temple blondes or the Autumn redheads who happily showed the couples their best drawings or favorite dolls and dresses. I loved plants and the outdoors in general but we weren’t allowed to have flowers or weeds inside the building when there was already plenty outside for us to see. It made me upset but I never caused a scene about it.
In a psychotic rage, Elliot dropped the knife and began to rip out the hardware, tossing it carelessly through the air. Metal wiring and rugged chips flew out of his forearm, scattering onto the sand. Soon, only an empty space was left, devoid of bone or muscle.
“What’s wrong?” interrupted the ticket taker, who seemed just as surely as the previous one. “Afraid of spiders?”
“She’s a bit…agitated.” My mother replied.
“Alright, here. You’re obviously pretty banged up. Take this for the pain and lay down. We’ll keep you updated as things go on. One of us will be on duty constantly to monitor the situation,” he said as he handed me a couple of pills.
The vermins don’t look real. It is imperative that you not let them fool you.
Something was wrong. After I read that text I felt nauseous, like I was seeing something I shouldn’t. I decided to get a hold of Peter, but I had talked to this ass before. He was a deadbeat, but at least he might have some information on where David might be. I decided to log onto AIM with David’s account. I figured it would be easier to start something with Peter if he didn’t know it was me. When I logged on, he immediately messaged me.
I’ll never forget the sound of my first kill. It was a hollow noise, but with an alarming crack, like a wooden baseball bat shattering. His head just happened to land on the only rock in his entire driveway. A puddle of red began to soak the pavement around his head. He wasn’t moving. Even though I was only six at the time, I knew I had done something very wrong. I really didn’t mean to hurt him. I just wanted to push him down to scare him. I turned around and ran home after only waiting for four seconds. While I was running, all I could think was What if I hurt him? and I didn’t mean to. When I arrived home, I was glad to see my parents weren’t back from work yet. This gave me some time to pull myself together. They came home at 5:27 and I stayed quiet for the rest of the night.
He nodded and stormed back to Momma’s and him’s room. Sarah-Beth had what was comin’ to her, but this time I didn’t feel so good about how Daddy handled things. I sat down on floor, careful not to cut myself, careful not to make a bigger mess, careful not to make a sound. People’s spittin’ and hollerin’ always turned me pretty sour, so I just stayed right there thinking about things. The world just feels real small in those moments, those times when nothing’s making a peep. I swear, that house got so quiet sometimes, you could hear the mice whisperin’ in the walls, and you’d wonder what they are talkin’ about.
I readily assented.
The scream…I’ve thought a lot about the scream and how to describe it. My business is describing things and I’ve never come up with anything to do it justice. It was an undulating, panting scream, like a hundred smaller screams woven together. It was loud. So loud that it sounded like it was coming from the trees right next to the road.
He dropped the half of her mouth onto the floor and leaned forward, gouging her eyes with his thumbs before swiftly splitting her skull down the middle. Even over all the other screams coming from outside, the loud snapping of her bones could still be heard. That was it. I threw up, vomiting all of the previous night’s dinner onto the floor. At least I was finally away from that window. When I was finally finished, I made my way back over to my bed, Nick still sitting there. “Messed up, huh?” he said.
Keaton rummaged around in the cupholders on his door for a moment.
That’s why there was a place in my heart for Georgina Hicks and her rundown little trailer at the end of the pavement, her gaudy flower beds and her grinning lawn gnomes.
I don’t know what this man wants from me. At this point it was still quite possible that I was simply overly paranoid, and the man was simply making his way home as I was. Oddly, part of me hoped that wasn’t the case. Whatever this was, I didn’t want it to end yet, but I also have no intentions of being a victim.
Earl looked at him with interest. He dropped his gaze and muttered something like “I’m sorry to hear that.” Then Earl sat up straight again and said: “Look, we’re dying for some good people here. You seem like you’ll fit the bill. I’m gonna skip all the normal interview mamba jamba and say this: I like you!” He threw his hands into the air to exaggerate his point. “I want you here. In fact, I would like to make you an offer you can’t refuse. I’m old as dirt, there is no denying that. I’ve wanted to retire for fifteen years. I just can’t find anyone the hospital admins find worthy to run this pile when I leave. Yeah, I have a few guys working under me already but you! You seem like you would fit the bill. This may be more than you bargained for, but I’d like to offer you my job as the Chief of Security. Of course, the hospital administration will have to approve it and all but I think I can work some magic. Hell, they’ll be happy to get me out. What d’ya think?”
My arms trembled uncontrollably as I turned the handle inside one of my sweating palms, still clutching my freezing cat tightly with the other. The door swung smoothly on its hinges, and it hit the wall behind it with a deep thud.
“Kill me. Kill me!” Elliot begged the robot, grovelling at its metallic feet.
Majority of the street lights had been taken out when the chaos first began and people were trying to leave the city. I had found a few cars and motorcycles during the last year that still had keys in them. With those, I was able to teach myself how to drive most vehicles, but until now I wasn’t lucky enough to find a possible escape. Even so the likelihood of me finding keys in the deasil, and a good amount of gas was slim. Making it out of the back of the trailer and into the cabin was a serious risk in the darkness and even if I did, big trucks make big noise.
“Oh. That’s deep. Have you tried to contact them? You know like a séance, or a Ouija board or something?”
* * * * * *
And he was the creepiest man I had ever seen.
…And I woke up.
Instead, when we reviewed the footage after each visit, the voices seemed to get louder and louder, though we still couldn’t make out what they were saying or what the source was. All we could do was review the tape and try to remove the ambient voices, as we started calling them. But things got more complicated as the voices became louder.
A pause, and then green lines transformed into words and semantics as the computer spat out its ensuing reply. “Straitwater, M. Head of engineering stationed in Sector II. Greetings, Mason. How may I be of service?”
Erica picks up her phone to see what time it was. 5:45 pm. Great, my mom’s gonna kill me, she thought. “Caleb, let’s go!” He, on the other hand, is still “drowning.”
“Nobody lives here but you.”

Colony Failure Assessment Report Document 647
Kent couldn’t bear to hear Brian so frightened. It was driving him mad with concern. All this time he wasn’t even sure if he would find his son, buYou’d finally done it.
“Oh my god,” the left Mimi says.
“Well,” he went on, “These are definitely human teeth.”
No blood, no tools, nothing left behind.
There is a pause. “Michael, I never got her an elephant toy. I would have remembered.” I make an excuse about Brynn waking up and hang up the phone, feeling dazed.

“I’m sure you’re being sarcastic, but yes. We do offer a hefty pay. Dental coverage too, if that interests you. Anyway, time is somewhat of the essence here. You are a Cognizant, someone who possesses the ability to see an Aberration. With some honing of your ability, you can eventually see into the other dimensions as well.”
“No!” Amber practically shouted, glaring icily at her best friend. “No doctors. You know I can’t stand hospitals; those places are just fancy slaughterhouses.”
“God, you are such an asshole.  We are running out of food, Jim!  The snow isn’t stopping and we don’t have much left to eat!”
For a few terribly frightening moments I was frozen with shock; the scene was unheard of, our cat had always been docile. About the third time my brother pulled the cat from his face I snapped back to reality and reach for the cat, hoping my touch would calm her. I lay a hand on her back and for a moment both she and my brother stopped their struggles. A low toned growl came from my cat not a second after I placed my hand on her. She still had a good chunk of neck skin firmly in her mouth; my brother was desperately trying to stay still. The cat only needed a few more kicks to his neck to sever an artery. I moved my hand to the back of her neck and squeezed tightly to no avail. She let out another angry growl and adjusted herself to finish off my brother. I could feel as she released her grip on his throat slightly so I seized that moment to squeeze the back of her neck harder and pulled quickly, taking a large piece of my brothers’ neck with her.
Sixty fucking miles.  Like it or not, the huge asshole was right; there was no way that Mark was getting to Boulder tonight.  His best bet was to try to find some place nearby to get three or four hours of shut-eye, and then drive the rest of the way in the morning.  There’d still be snow, but at least it wouldn’t be quite so dark.  And god damn, he really was tired.  He felt his body slowly relaxing now that it was out of the car.  The sound of the diner was soothing, actually.  Sort of familiar.  The buzz of the overhead lights, the sound of the coffee percolating, some muffled cracking sound that was probably a tree branch giving way under the weight of the snow.  Roger would probably know of some place he could crash out for a few hours.  Didn’t have to be much.  Just a warm bed that he could stretch out in, close his eyes, let his body unwind…
“I’m sorry,” the man replied with grave sincerity. “You can’t stay here.”
I was staying at a casino hotel, and one morning I woke up with what I initially assumed was just another hangover. I felt nauseous and slightly dazed, and it took a couple of minutes for my legs and arms to regain their normal levels of sensation.
It did seem fairly easy. I wondered at the significance of the sigil she was showing me how to draw. But the why of it was lost to me.
“Ronald.” I said, “I think Hell just opened up above us.”
Her first thought was that it had to be weather-related but logic quickly dictated that that couldn’t be the case.  It was way too bright to have been anything like lightning, which shouldn’t be observable from space anyway.  Could it have been a reflection of the sun’s light?  A basic understanding of geometrics and the sun’s current location made that highly improbable.  Laura’s mind was running through the logical possibilities…to the point of even considering breaking Dimitri’s slumber early for his opinion, when the communication channel designated “Tango” began flashing on the digital dashboard.  It was accompanied by its own unique beep and the moment it went off, Dimitri woke up anyway, constantly tuned-in.  It was an alarm they weren’t used to and probably shouldn’t be hearing.

The next trap is also simple, but perhaps a bit more cruel. You see, the main floor of my apartment is wooden. So I took the liberty of removing a couple of the boards leading to my room and placing a fine row of nails in the space underneath. I then placed the boards back, and made sure it was very loose, so if anyone were to step on those boards, they may have an unpleasant experience.
Coco: Then what do we call that word?

But, darker stories surrounded this figure. Tales of torture and medical malpractice were told in hushed whispers. These were stories of limb amputation, electrical shocks and haunting screams. Amani waived these away. How was she supposed to be able to sort the truth from the lies? There was simply no way to do it.
Brittany, smiling, shrugs. “I didn’t do anything. I wouldn’t touch Camilla with a ten-foot pole.”
Whatever was in there was willing to open the door until it saw me. I took the stairs back up to the eleventh floor. I would try again tomorrow.
It was only until I began to look into the pasts of some of my patients that I got my answer. All who had reported those same dreams had also at one point or another spent a significant amount of time in the town that Mr. Brown had visited. Sara had been there most recently.
“How are you guys going to know what the fuck is going on if I’m not up there?”
Away from Ms Kismet.
Maybe scared isn’t the right word. In fact, he wanted her. Despite his best effort, he just could not resist Riley’s charm. She was just so… perfect. It almost felt like his high school days, when he and Chloe had first started seeing each other. In another world, Shawn would have pounced at the opportunity to have a relationship with such a fine woman. But these were special circumstances. He had already pledged his heart to another woman, and that is what scared him. He may not be able to fulfill his promise; if Riley tried to sleep with him tonight, he would oblige.
To the vanished Herbert West and to me the disgust and horror were supreme. I shudder tonight as I think of it; shudder even more than I did that morning when West muttered through his bandages,
After falling in from the previous room, my view of room five was from my back, looking up at the ceiling. What I saw didn’t scare me; it simply surprised me. Trees had grown into the room and towered above my head. The ceilings in this room were taller than the others, which made me think I was in the center of the house. I got up off the floor, dusted myself off, and took a look around. It was definitely the biggest room of them all. I couldn’t even see the door from where I was; various brush and trees must have blocked my line of sight with the exit.
* * * * * *
He started flossing, and when he saw me looking toward him, closed the door for privacy. When I heard the shower water start running, I pulled out my phone, figuring I’d take this time to look through Tina’s last messages to me, to see if she gave any hint to where she went. Any clue. My phone fell out of my hand as I grabbed if out of my bag, and I saw it drop beneath the couch. As I felt around under the couch for my phone, my hand hit something else. A massive clump of long hair.
I jumped in my car and called Ronald.
Dr. Stephanie left me in the room alone while she talked to my parents in the hall, forgetting to close the door as they left. I looked down at the floor and started counting the tiles for the sixth time since I entered the office. As I was counting, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, I heard Dr. Stephanie quietly mention something about medication. I didn’t know what this meant at the time, but obviously my parents did and they did not like it. They started yelling, “Our son does not need medication,” and “We will not be coming back to this office!” My mother grabbed my arm and took me out to the car before I was able to finish counting the tiles. I never asked what was wrong; I was too busy counting all the street signs on the way home. They never took me to another doctor again.
They couldn’t possibly get away a third time, and more importantly, I just couldn’t afford to lose anything else.
I kept everything related to this issue bottled up inside my head. That was the only place I was sure they couldn’t look into to see what I was planning.
But I also knew that my apartment wouldn’t be much help, so I found myself moving towards the police station.
There it was. A fragment of the universe, hurtling through the cosmos. And there I was, gazing up from the comfort of a farmhouse rooftop, built by my father’s hands smack dab in the middle of nowhere. In all the years we lived out there on the countryside, not a damned thing remarkable ever happened. This meteor shower was the highlight of my entire life, and that’s why, with a bit of wonder glazed over my eyes, I was captivated by that one falling rock, brighter than the rest. I wanted so badly to reach out and touch it.
Julie immediately dialed the three digits. She pressed the phone to her ear. It rang once and someone picked up. Our faces both lit up.
By the age of eleven, I had seen tons of girls leave the orphanage with their new parents out the door starting their new lives and a part of me was happy for them, but another part of me envied them. I kept hoping and praying that someday a couple would take me in and we could plant our own garden together and have fresh lemonade on our porch, that I could wear all the shorts and pants that I wanted without having to worry about looking like a girl in unbearable skirts. Lots of the other kids used to whisper and tease me saying that no one would want me, that parents were looking for normal kids, not creepy weirdos. But, I was normal. I didn’t do anything wrong to make the parents dislike me. I was polite and spoke when spoken to, I even wanted to show many of the couples that came in my book of herbs and flowers but none of them stayed for very long till another girl came in and grabbed their attention with some kind of stupid, tedious girly thing. Most of the time on purpose. Eventually, I gave up and read to myself in one of the separate rooms away from the other girls and let the sunlight warm me up by the window, watching some birds fly by and the leaves shake on the trees.
I twisted onto my hands and knees. Days of my dislocated shoulder crying for relief. I misjudged my rotation and rolled onto my back. I tried again, collapsing onto my face as I tried to figure out how to control a body that moved slower than grass grew. Weeks of effort were finally rewarded with success – I stabilized on my hands and knees.
Then the semi blindsided us as were passing through an intersection, striking us on the passenger side and wrapping my boyfriend’s Mustang around its front end.
“There’s more screaming,” she said.
“Brilliant! We’ll talk it out later. Right now, I’m having fun! Look at me go! Shit!” No sooner had she said that than a golden alien with a sword hit her and killed her.

I frantically reached for the phone and tried to call Moreen again, damning myself for not knowing the numbers of any of the further neighbors. It cut straight to an automated voice; the line was in use. I hung up and started pacing, looking out at the two remaining lit houses and glancing at the hikers outside. I couldn’t see them but I knew they were there. The voices were quieter but they were talking still. Could they see me? I had no way of knowing. It was too late now, I should have tried to talk to them earlier. I let out a shriek as my phone burst into life. It was Moreen.
Collin: Well, last week my significant other, Oliver Mentiaz went missing. He’s about 5’9, 200 pounds, brown eyes, curly hair, and was last seen wearing a yellow hoodie.
I couldn’t blame her.
“Yes, sir. All four years. I did it all online while I was stationed in England.”
Kent was a little ticked off at the employees of this particular carnival, but he tried not to show it. He turned to Brian, who looked hopeful that his father would insist he wasn’t afraid.
In time, I got my shit together. I moved out into my own little apartment and I kept a steady job. It got me by, even if I didn’t really enjoy it. I was always a gamer, and as the landscape of how gamers played changed, I adapted. You can make some half-decent money streaming Overwatch if you’re good, and I was very good. When I got home from work, I’d get into my rig and I’d stream. It was almost daily with me. I had a small fanbase too. My main was Tracer, although it had nothing to do with her playstyle. I liked it, but I thought Genji was the coolest and McCree was my favorite. Truth is, I just liked Tracer because she was hot. I was honestly a little pissed when they released that comic confirming she was gay. I felt like Blizzard had devalued her in the name of the SJW poison that was slowly strangling America. But it didn’t change the way I felt.
“It’s going to be okay, son! I’m coming!” Kent smashed the remaining glass with his fists and attempted to hoist himself up into the window.
He smiled, and I got the same chill that Amani had described to me all those months ago. He really knew how to get under your skin.
The rain had barely relented. Jon looked out the sixth story window again, away from his TV flickering a save screen. Between the raindrops streaking the window, Jon could still see the guy that lived in front of his apartment building. The man’s name was Ted, and he seemed like a genuinely good person. Jon had, on multiple occasions, seen Ted hold the door open for people, return dropped wallets, and he once even saw him perform the Heimlich on a drunk from the bar around the corner. They’d never had a full conversation, but Ted always smiled and exchanged niceties when they passed. Recognizing a good person who had been reduced to living on the street was an intrusive thought most days, one that was easily quelled, but not tonight.
The front lobby was normal enough, but as I predicted there wasn’t anyone there. All the lights were on, but no one was there. Besides the door I came through, there was only one other. Posted next to it was another sign:
That would just about scare anyone into moving away to another state, maybe even another country – which I actually attempted to do at some point, but more on that in a bit – and not only that, but this wasn’t the first time that it had happened, and now all the signs pointed to this becoming an annual event.
We worked through our reading list at a much faster pace starting from that moment.
“She’s going to kill us!” the goblin screams, still filming.
The machine turned to face Elliot, exposing its bulbous, robotic eyes. Its face was expressionless, unable to convey even a single emotion.
Julie had her phone pressed to her ear for quite some time. The ringing kept going and going in an eternal loop.
“Maybe it’s like you knew that something was wrong? Animals can tell when something isn’t right. Like dogs and cats just before an earthquake. And human beings are just animals when you get down to it,” she had said before finishing off the last of her glass of wine.
“Of course.”
“What? What the hell do you mean?” I implored him. “What’s going on?” Now I was starting to get curious, and as much as I hated to admit it at the time, even a little nervous.
His eyes squinted as the muscles in his cheeks tightened to form a grin. His pupils dilated, and for the first time, I saw just how dead behind the eyes he really was.
“Is that, like, a metaphor or something?”
As much as Shawn tried to refrain from giving in to her flirty persona, he couldn’t help it this time. Inviting her in, at least for a little while, seemed like it was just the right thing to do, even for a man with a dead wife.
Without me, my mom could afford her surgery. She looked so happy. Just yesterday, I saw her playing with my baby brother.
“Yes,” she said, strangely, and then again with more conviction.  “Yes!  Here, Jake,” and she pulled four thick strips of bacon from the hot griddle.  The smell was amazing, and Jake realized that his mouth was watering like a cartoon wolf.  Jake sat down at the table and tore into the bacon.  As he was finishing, his mom placed three more strips on his plate.  Jake looked up and started to say, “thank you,” like he had been taught, but his mother quickly turned away when he caught her gaze.
She said that she saw Khawlah in her cell, huddling in the corner, with the skin on both forearms peeled back and held with metal tongs. Her hands were shackled together, to prevent them from undoing the clamps.
Georgina Hicks was gone and now there were two voices screaming into the empty night.
“If I start bleeding to death during a breeched birth in the bathtub you have my permission to call 911.”
“Don’t worry – it’s odd, but they don’t look damaged or anything, like I wouldn’t say they came out of someone’s mouth as a result of trauma.” He picked one up with a pair of very thin tongs. “No abrasions. But no pulp or anything either. It’s like they were grown in a lab or something, they’re pretty pristine, if a little yellowed, but that’s only natural if they were outside. I’d say they came out of a mouth naturally. Might be somebody’s kids’ teeth, you know how some parents hold on to them after they do business with the tooth fairy.”

Mason leaned forward near the monitor and spoke his command clearly, “Computer, what happened?”
And then my brother came home one day with a woman. A woman who he claimed was a producer who worked at Better Films.
They took my money, but they never showed up.
“Jakey, wake up.”
If you’re not familiar with Overwatch, Tracer is kind of a run-and-gun kind of character. She’s a hot little thing with a pixie haircut, bomber jacket and orange visor. I love her little cockney accent, but more than anything I love the way her ass looks in those tight leggings. Her real name is Lena Oxton and her gimmick is time travel. It’s complicated to explain, and I’m sure there are better sources on the internet that can do it better than I can.
It turns out I don’t have to find anything. I feel my breath slow and the room tilt. The little girl in the dress’s angry eyes follow me all the way to the floor.
“What happened to Khawlah?” I asked him.
“Sorry for laughing Chief! I’m Dr. Jansen.”
I was missing a fucking finger and had no idea how or why that happened.
A different old man chuckled lightly before replying, “Ain’t had no phone service in eight years, friend.”
Julie tried Triple A’s number a couple more times. It became apparent this wasn’t going to work. Fifteen more minutes went by and we still hadn’t seen a car.
I shifted onto my side, wondering if any of my friends or family were in the room with you. As I did so, I heard a clanking sound, like metal shifting against metal. Casting my eyes downward, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.
* * * * * *

In the back was Peter and he wore a blazer and khaki pants. It took me a second to recollect his name. He always looked like a deer in the headlights and mostly kept to himself. Only his friends knew him, and he often served as their verbal punching bag.
Coco: Why do you say these things so nonchalantly?
“Khawlah, no!” he screamed after her as the door slammed shut and the two were driven off into the dark veil of the night, swallowed up by the malevolence which had so deeply gripped their nation and plunged it into the fog of war.
While we were down there I could hear Sarah-Beth still snifflin’ and whining.
I didn’t know what to say, or even what to think.
Instinct took over and I ran to my tray of tools. I grabbed my bone saw and switched it on as I made my way back to David. I applied the saw to his shoulder, which was now mere inches away from the terrible maw of nothingness. I drove the saw in furiously, blood splattering on my face, the muffled would-be screams of David trying to assert themselves over the whir of the saw.
“I’m sorry, I just need the police. Please,” Kent said as politely as he could under the circumstances.
What I thought were my teeth was actually broken glass from my window. I must have gotten hit, possibly T-boned, I started to fear. My head swims and my eyes become heavy. I feel like a computer shutting down one application at a time. I am trying to use all of my senses to help me.
The teeth had to be connected. They had to be. The same night I find one in my pocket, she disappears. A week later, I get an envelope with half of somebody’s enamel in it. One plus one equals two. I knew that much.
After walking down the hall for a few minutes i turned to look back at the way i came in but i couldn’t see anything behind me but blackness. So i just kept heading forward into the darkness. Every so often i would hear a drip drop of water, or a creak of old rusty pipes. But besides that it was just silent and still. My heart beat had calmed down a bit but my eyes still frantically scanned everything in every direction hoping that i would find a key, or something. Anything. Well, i got my wish. I stopped walking and a lump formed in my throat as i stood before a big, rusty, metal door that was at the end of the hall. There was a button to the left of it, so i pushed it. The door slide open slowly, the scratching noise it made was as bad as nails on a chalkboard. Once it finally opened i peeked inside and realized it was an elevator. So i figured i might as well see where it goes and i stepped into it. It moved and swung slightly as i stepped aboard, it must be old and not in proper working condition. But i didn’t care. I had no choice. No where else to go. I waved my phone light around until i spotted the panel of buttons for each floor. There was 1, which I’m guessing is the floor I’m on, the ground floor. Then there was a B1, and a B2. Two basement floors for a motel? Sure, why not. I pressed B1 and the door squealed shut. The elevator starting moving downwards, it made so much rattling and squealing noise that i had to cover my ears as I descended down into the unknown darkness that lay below.
“I guess that’s true. Well, maybe your brain was just misfiring. Who knows?”
I took out my iphone: “Does she mind if I record this conversation?”
“I knew you’d get it!” Tracer let her hand fall, and approached the camera. Her body blocked out Emily’s corpse. ”Don’t take too long. Find someone, and we can be together! I can’t wait to see you in person, Jeremy. It’s been too long… I don’t want to wait any longer!”
His mom released him and stood, wiping her eyes.  “Nothing, sweetie.  Nothing.”  She took a deep, shaky breath, and released it.  “Okay, baby.  It’s time to go,” she said, and reached past him to open the door.  As she did so, a drift of snow fell in across the carpet, but not before Jake realized that the carpet was already covered in a dirty swath of white.  Before he could ask about this, his mother was helping him up on top of the snow.  It was just firm enough for him to stay on top of it without sinking too deeply.  Still, as he started to sink, he panicked, and turned back towards his mother.
She continued her route, having turned around at the end twice now. She was beginning to feel somewhat bored. No one had shown up, not even a stray cat to scowl at her from behind the wire mesh of a fenced yard. Henrinson’s occasional banter was a good distraction from the monotony, but even he couldn’t keep her mind busy enough to warrant its focus. She stared at the walls. Old walls of old businesses. Tall walls with shuttered windows. An age of graffiti drowned the reds and greys beneath a colorful, if not faded, palette. It was mostly garbage, many of the intertwining pieces being nothing but crude tags and names, but amongst them were art. Art, that at least could be called that on a late night coveted by boredom, but art, nonetheless. She stopped to look at it, unnoteworthy but somewhat admirable. She supposed if she ever caught the Michelangelo that created them, she would have to drag him back to the station, but for now, they were a master. The silence that she endured in the outdoor gallery allowed the soft plod of footsteps to catch her ear.
When she came out of the bathroom, I was still there. I looked at her face. She smiled and I was in love.
It’s a small park nestled in a bend in the river mostly full of trailers and campers. There’s an old church just on the edge of the river and then there’s an actual park, the kind with swing sets and benches.
“Why are you blowing out candles?”
It is uncommon to fire all six shots of a revolver with great suddenness when one would probably be sufficient, but many things in the life of Herbert West were uncommon. It is, for instance, not often that a young physician leaving college is obliged to conceal the principles which guide his selection of a home and office, yet that was the case with Herbert West. When he and I obtained our degrees at the medical school of Miskatonic University, and sought to relieve our poverty by setting up as general practitioners, we took great care not to say that we chose our house because it was fairly well isolated, and as near as possible to the potter’s field.
“Let’s call this game… If Luke can get there before bleeding to death, then nobody dies today.” The beastly man crouched down to meet Luke’s catatonic gaze. “Here are the rules…”
“Get me out of here.” I said, my voice low and raspy.


“Mason Straitwater. Head of engineering.”
I wish I had, but as you would surely understand, I wasn’t exactly in the best of places. Losing body part after body part every single year will do that to you.
This is no time to be noticing that now, Erica, she scolded herself. As her fingers plucked out each weed she felt that warm, slimy feeling she hated. Erica felt like gagging.
“David?” I said. “Pull your hand out. Now.”

How do you explain that to friends and family?
I stared at him with disgust. I just could not bring myself to do it.
They told me I measured over 250 on the Knopf scale. Apparently, that’s deep into the superhuman range of thinking speeds.
Taking a step back, Elliot gasped, frantically glancing around the walls once more. It was the same message, carved everywhere it would fit.
My final trap isn’t so much a trap as it is a decoy. Should the intruder make it past all my traps and approaches the figure in my bed, they won’t find me. Instead, when they remove the covers they will find a mannequin. I haven’t slept in my bed since the first time I saw the stalker. Instead, I sleep under it. There I will be waiting, with my trusty Taser in hand, of course.
I ran my fingers along the symbol and the letters on my bathroom door again, then took of a photo of them with my phone – partly as a record, partly to check another source to see if they were indeed real. Because it was at this point that I had come to realize that I must really be losing my mind, right? That I must be going insane. My brain must’ve finally pickled from ten years of hardcore drinking and drugs and this was the end of it all. For all I knew maybe I’d killed Kelly, maybe she was riding shotgun in my truck, slowly rotting all this time while I ran around the city enacting some grand drama to mentally distance myself from her murder.
The two men glared at each other. Kent could tell by the man’s eyes that he was disappointed to see a stranger. He was about to slam the door without a word when Kent finally spoke up.
I hadn’t so much as talked to Chris on the phone for almost two months after that. Very little had happened in that time but something still didn’t feel right as well. For one thing, my sister, who works nights, started asking me to stand at the front door and wait until she got in her car whenever she left, since she leaves after dark. I asked a couple times why but she never gave an answer. It’s like she just felt creeped out or that she was being watched whenever she went outside. Our dog still seemed to be spooked too. Whenever we’d tie him outside, he’d only do his business and come right back in, which is very out of character for him. One day, I was standing at my backdoor, looking into the backyard, thinking of all of this when my eyes locked onto the shed in the backyard and I remembered the story told to us by the people we talked to whose house we saw on the tapes. They found evidence of someone living in their shed. I went to my room and picked a sword from my sword collection (yeah, I’m a nerd) and went out to the shed. I crossed the yard and when I got to the shed, I found it unlocked. I opened the door and looked inside, only using the sunlight since there‘s no power running to it. I immediately saw a pile of trash in the far corner. It was a loose pile of tarps, cloth from umbrellas, and trash bags and had a compression in the middle like someone had been lying in it. Off to the side of the pile was the missing liquor bottles from inside the house and some garbage. This guy had been living in the shed and it was a good chance that he had been there since the house was broken into two months ago. Infact, for all I know, he could have been in there that night when I went to the shed for the pitchfork, watching me. I didn’t want to freak out my family so I cleaned it up in secret. At the bottom of the bedding of trash I found a ratty notebook. I only half opened it to a random page, saw some very familiar artwork and immediately closed it, tore it up, and threw it in the trash.
“My new ride!” He held open his arms as we took in the spectacle.
Along the way, I got cool stuff: some bracelets off the teens that came in, a new backpack, and a s’mores keychain I called Mr. Fudge Fuck for the hell of it. Now that I look back at my life, I realize I didn’t choose this path. This path chose me. Call it selfish or childish, but when the world takes enough from you, it’s about time you take it all back.
Billy snickered and wiped the saliva off his revolting kisser. I felt sick and I retched from the taste that still lingered in my mouth and probably would for a week. That is, if I survived this. Perhaps I’d be lucky to be tasting anything in a week’s time.
“I…I don’t think…” Billy trailed off and then chuckled, smirking at Keaton and Peter with a wtf look on his face.
Mike set the camera down on the kitchen table and directed it so that she could see both the men in her life enjoying their cake together; repeating, “it’s good,” and “mmmm,” to each other over and over.  When Kevin was down to a few bites, Mike drew his attention to some tiny detail in the frosting that the boy couldn’t quite see.  Urging him closer and closer, her husband was somehow able to pull off the oldest gag in the book and mush Kevin’s face into the cake, smearing his nose and cheeks with chocolate.  Laura’s son was a rare breed who thought of other people first and practically never harbored ill will, and his reaction of laughter and then hamming it up even more for the camera was exactly what she would’ve expected it to be.  Every parent wanted to say that they had a good kid but in her case…well…she had a good kid.
Sensation slowly came back to me, followed by pain.
No matter if I got a new phone, if I moved across the country, the calls would still come. I could almost feel the presence of… whatever it was, whatever it is, watching over me.
“Daddy will whoop you again if he sees you up.”
“What a mess,” I say. It’s a strange thing to have said. I’m not crazy. I just have to get rid of this hair. That’s all.
What the hell is that supposed to mean? The words shock me, and I keep going over and over them. Is it a desperate email sent just as… something happened? The words are obviously cut off without finishing! On any other day I would have dismissed this as spam from a computer virus or something, but the words… seen with your own eyes! I can’t help but read over this journal and think back on the last few days and realize that I have not seen another person with my own eyes or talked to another person face to face. The webcam conversation with my friend was so strange, so vague, so… eerie, now that I think about it. Was it eerie? Or is the fear clouding my memory? My mind toys with the progression of events I’ve written here, pointing out that I have not been presented with one single fact that I did not specifically give out unsuspectingly. The random ‘wrong number’ that got my name and the subsequent strange return call from Amy, the friend that asked for my email address… I messaged him first when I saw him online! And then I got my first email a few minutes after that conversation! Oh my god! That phone call with Amy! I said over the phone – I said that I was within half an hour’s walk of Seventh Street! They know I’m near there! What if they’re trying to find me?! Where is everyone else? Why haven’t I seen or heard anyone else in days?
“Yeah, Peter,” said Billy, “you’re 20 years old. This is embarrassing.”
Laura sighed and switched off her iPhone before slipping it back into the console.  She might not get tired of watching videos of home, but her battery would.  It amazed her.  The Daedalus was equipped with some of the most advanced circuitry in the world and yet…they couldn’t have put in a USB port?  Admittedly, the Orion series weren’t exactly designed for luxury travel.  Utilitarian in nature, the capsules were created for transporting goods and supplies and, in this particular instance, they were the ‘goods’.  The astronauts, cosmonauts and French spationauts that used the four and two-man capsules weren’t exactly boxed away like cargo, but they weren’t flying ‘first-class’ either…or even ‘coach’ for that matter.  Comfort seemed to come very low on the list of specifications the various agencies used in their creation.  Significantly lower, at least, than things like ‘hull-integrity’ and ‘oxygen stability’.  Keeping them alive seemed to be of higher priority than reclining seats and an in-flight movie.  She wasn’t complaining.
You said you wished you’d never met me. How happy you were when you had nothing to lose. How I ruined your life.
“Normally, you’d be tortured for that sort of thing,” the Pain Doctor informed her, rubbing his jaw. “But, as I said, we really have no use for you. But don’t think that means we can’t still have some fun with you if we so choose. Count yourself lucky that you’re of no use to us.” He said this last part in a completely reasonable tone, as if it was Amani who was the crazy one. As if it was she who was violating the norms of civilized behavior.
“Let me in! Let me in! Let me in! I’m not going to leave until you open this door! I’m not going to leave! I’m not going to leave! Open this door! Open this door right now!”
The judge turned to his colleagues, and said, in Hebrew, that he felt sorry for the man who was obviously deluded. He had gone insane and didn’t know what he was talking about. The man said to him something along the lines of “I am not delusional, and I speak fluent Hebrew.”
“Yes and no. Just one of these can work for a smaller-scale Aberration. I still have no clue how we’re going to fix the tear, though. Our number one priority is getting you to safety and treating your wounds.”
Sunday
I got home and decided I would do a facial scan in my mirror. I locked my eyes on my face, and using my internal scanning system, I searched the internet for pictures of millions of humans. My face seemed just as human as any of the ones in my search… I decided it was probably best I just change my face and look for a new job again. Perhaps this time it would be different? Perhaps finally people would stop staring at my face.
It’s not that he claimed he could hear voices; it’s that we could. Dennett would take hours of video footage, as he’s required to, except that there seemed to be other voices in addition to his, almost like an echo. At first, we figured he might’ve been trying to cheat, and he had brought other “teammates” along with him. It wouldn’t be the first time something like that happened. We’ve had more than a few cases of contestants trying to get an advantage by doing anything between hiding supplies in the forest and tending to them off-camera, to actually getting supplies airdropped to them from a small plane they arranged before taping. So I wasn’t surprised we were seeing something new here, with a guy somehow arranging for friends or teammates to join him, and then just keep them off-camera.
“No need to thank me, Ted. It’ll put my mind at ease knowing you’re not out there in this.”
“Oh, god,” she said.
Letting myself relax and let the fire crackling soothe me, I took a deep breath and began undressing. I needed to get out of my soiled clothes and move to a new location before wolves or other predators smelled the fresh kills and came closing in. My mind was racing. I took the female’s backpack and filled it with food, weapons, and whatever else I could fit into it. I also swapped clothes with her. Luckily, she and I wore a similar size. She had a red plaid sleeveless shirt, a pair of dirty, bloody, ripped up jeans, and Converse shoes, as well as a grey beanie. The shirt was a little loose but I simply tied it at the end to fit my form perfectly, and decided to cut my long hair with the bloody blade into a shoulder-length style. It was starting to get on my nerves anyway. Allowing the strands of hair fall onto my palm, I quickly made my way over to the roaring flames and burned the hair, then ran out of there with my backpack filled with survival gear.
“Yooooo!” he said as he chewed gum obnoxiously. “Is that Julie?”
As time went on though something started to change. I can’t really say what made him the way he was but he became increasingly arrogant, increasingly difficult. Our parents definitely spoiled him. Spent a small fortune making sure he got the education he needed to pursue his dream of becoming a director, paid for any of the expensive equipment he needed for making and editing his own little movies, helped pay the salaries of any crew or actors he hired for the little short films he produced.
My blood started to boil. Red was tinging the outskirts of my vision. In this moment, all I wanted to do was succumb to the darkness and this time, I wouldn’t wake up.
“What happened?” asked Keaton. “You guys pop a flat?”
Coco: S-sorry.
I thought about shutting the computer off, but would that work? Tracer didn’t look like she could be talked out of it, and… well, did I want to talk her out of it? She did say it could just be some asshole, and God did I know some assholes! “It’s okay. Think it over,” Tracer said, but stood up and sat on her knees, closer to the camera. “But just imagine. I could be yours. Free of this existence, free to be in your world. You and I could be together forever. I really do love you, Jeremy. I love you with all my heart and I’d do anything for us to be together, even if it means this. It’s just one life in exchange for a lifetime of happiness… Don’t you deserve this?”
The spaghetti doesn’t move. It just sits there, dead.
The other clicked open.
A man came into view, strolling through the dim fluorescence of a streetlamp. He wasn’t that tall, and by the bulge from his coat seemed quite fat. As he got closer, Sparrow made mental comparisons to the vague descriptions of the man. Caucasian, balding, slim eyes, possibly mid-forties, with yellow teeth. This was the guy. He was wearing a large, muddy brown trench-coat, arms tucked deeply into the pockets. She also noticed that he wasn’t wearing any shoes or socks, even catching glimpses of embedded gravel in his feet. Sparrow found herself not leaving her spot. She was meant to continue walking in this situation, as if paying him no mind, seeing if he would reveal himself of his own accord, but she was stuck. There was something unsettling about his face. A wide smile was plastered over it. But considering what he was probably about to do, that wasn’t so special. It was the fact that it seemed frozen. There was no movement to his features, not even a twitch of muscle, no emotion either. Sure, he was smiling, but not a malicious smile, not a jolly smile, not even a drunk smile.

Sayyid ran a hand along the girl’s head and spoke in soothing tones, “Shh. It’s alright. It’ll all be over soon.”
“It’s not that.” She replied. “Looking at her is just a real turn-off, you know?”
“One was blue and one was red,” she replied. “I really liked it. Can I watch it again?”
“Nothing, baby, nothing,” his mother said, but Jake felt her head lift from where it had been against him, and he knew that she was looking at his father.
I’d seen fanmade models of Emily, but never anything canon. This still looked pretty good all things considered. It looked like what Blizzard would have made for Emily if she were in the game.
But of course, there was nothing to find. Because there was nothing wrong.
“Now you listen to me and listen good, boy. I’ve seen your type. I know the look you got in your eye right now. I get a lot of weirdos in here, browsing the adult section, asking if I’ve got anything ‘Stronger’.
As the match went on, I was able to forget that weird video for a bit and just enjoy myself. But I didn’t get to get away for long. I’d just started a second match when the Tracer on my team ran up to me.


“I guess.” I said. The building had to be less full than he implied—maybe they just pretended to be near capacity to drive the prices up? Either way, it seemed like something shady was going on. But I tried to ignore all that, and enjoyed taking my friends for an uninterrupted swim, or a private evening stargazing on the roof. Everything started to feel normal again, and I started to feel lucky that I had these things all to myself. But that feeling didn’t last for long.
Now I have my life back together. I still have nightmares, but I have for the most part put the incident behind me. I have a loving family, and a new career. I cannot express how grateful I am for this new life. But yesterday, I saw something.
I dismiss her and have a nurse escort her back to her room. Going over the notes on all of my patients that had reported similar dreams, they all seemed completely unrelated. Sara Stevens, a 31 year old married mother of 1, Jack Walters, a 37 year old detective from across town with no living kin to speak of, and Tom Suttin, a deranged man of 34 who, despite my reservations, my staff had to put in a straight jacket because he would fly into wild fits, yelling and screaming about “eyes watching him” and that “he will awaken”.
Mark pulled himself the rest of the way up and stood, slowly returning to himself.  He became aware that his tongue hurt like a son of a bitch, and his balance was off.  He steadied himself against a nearby booth and let his heart rate and breathing come back to something resembling normalcy.  His eyes were fixed on Roger, who was whistling with his back turned, bare-assed at the range.
“I’m sorry guys…things are going to hell right now.  This is Dolph…Dolph Weiner.”  They had both worked closely with the man in the past and it was somewhat surprising that neither of them had recognized his voice but, thick with panic, it was undeniably different now.  Dolph, much like Dimitri, was very well respected for his experience and tenure in the space and aeronautics fields.  Cutting his teeth at NASA, straight out of MIT, he bounced between government sectors and private corporations like Northrup Grumman and Boeing before finally ending up with the ESA as its Mission Control director for the sunset years of his distinguished career.  For someone of his caliber to be the one establishing contact was just…wrong.
The last thing I did was pick up the man’s hat and adjust it to my size, and place it on my own head. Perfect. A trophy of sorts, I guess you could say.
“Authorities examined every corpse on the ship, all of them in some form of rigor mortis. The cause of death differed from one individual to the next. On occasion, not even fingerprint data or DNA samples were enough to identify the bodies. Throughout the entire investigation, one factor stood out from the rest and baffled authorities to no end: what caused this mayhem? A hull breach and forceful break-in was evident in the ship, but no hostile entities were sensed or found onboard.

“I’m…” my voice trailed off. I looked at Billy and took a deep breath. “I’m talking to you.”
When I took her hand, words started to pour out of her mouth: “In my dreams there’s this little man. He’s horrible — like little gnarled troll with shiny black skin and long, white hair. He crawls up the bed and sits on my chest.” She placed her hand on her sternum as she spoke. “I can’t move, I can’t even whimper. It crawls up to my mouth and — Danny, I swear it sucks out my soul.” She looked at me, her eyes glistening in the dim blue light of the room. “You’re not supposed to die in your dreams but I die every night. And when I die, when that thing kills me, that’s when I can finally scream.”
Dimitri shook his head despite her inability to see it.  “I don’t know.  I think…I think it would be unwise for either of us to make any assumptions.”
“But you tried all the channels?”
I turned slowly to look in the direction of the doorway, and there she stood, clutching the frame with that permanent smirk plastered on her face. Crimson sloppily coated her mouth and face, trickling onto her clothing. She was holding my garden shears. She stared at me for what seemed like an eternity. Despite the smile, her eyes betrayed fear, as if she was trying to express emotion but her mouth refused to uncurl. I scrambled for the back door, grabbing a notebook and a pen from a counter as I made my escape, thinking that perhaps they would come in handy later. As I crossed the threshold of the trailer and darted into the outdoors, one word echoed in my mind, over and over again, like a broken record.
We had opened the cafe again, and my wife was doing what she loved. My daughter and I were at the cafe. It was closing time. She and I sat at a table outside while Elizabeth closed the register, chatting about the upcoming middle school dance. My wife joined us and locked the doors. “Wanna come with me?” she asked, patting the bag of money in her hand awaiting deposit at the bank across the street. Jenny jumped up, eager, no doubt, to get one of the suckers from the candy dish that the bank kept at its counter. “I’ll warm up the truck,” I said, fishing my keys from my pocket. My wife nodded in approval and walked me to the truck, kissing me on the cheek through the window after I entered, and again on glass after I rolled it up. They headed down the length of the truck and I turned to check the mirror when I saw it. A truck barreling down the road heading straight for my wife and daughter. I screamed her name and threw the door open when the hand that wasn’t there was suddenly jerked to the opposing side of the truck, holding me in place as I kicked and screamed. The kiss on the glass of the window was the last I ever got, and the hand never let go again.
I laid there in the backseat, crowded and uncomfortable. My feet faced Keaton and Peter, who still stood outside the car. I had a direct shot at Keaton’s face, and I knew if I took it, I could break his jaw and probably knock him out. But I didn’t take it. If I missed, I might not get another chance. I had to bide my time.
“Processing life forms. Please stand by. … Species: Unknown. Genus: Unknown. Family: Unknown. Order: Carnivora. Class: Unknown. Phylum: Chordata. Kingdom: Animalia. Analysis: these are hostile creatures, capable of immense strengths and should be regarded with utmost caution. Danger levels measured at an average of 9.8.”
Brian didn’t want to answer right away. He just looked around like he didn’t know he was being asked a question, so Kent tickled him until he cried, which left him with quite the appetite. Kent wasn’t hungry after getting motion sickness, but he bought Brian some sweet carnival bread. Brian took a few bites and said he wasn’t hungry anymore. Kent rolled his eyes, knowing this was a common occurrence for kids.
She blinked at me and I watched her swallow the tears. “I have a nightmare,” she said, wiping her face.
Shawn hesitantly recounted the entire story to her. From the note he found in Mildred’s room to when he got home. A part of him thought he was stupid for telling this to her, but she remained interested throughout his story and he appreciated it.
We were making small talk when seemingly out of nowhere, he looked me dead in the eye until I stopped talking. As soon as my mouth shut, he asked me if I was new to these parts. When I responded with a simple “yes,” he told me I needed to watch out for the “vermins,” which confused me. I expected small animals to be a given, but the way he said it made it sound off. I asked him what he meant. He sighed and settled in his chair. From what he told me, these weren’t your typical “vermins.” He said it was imperative that I not let them fool me. I was puzzled, but I didn’t want to be rude, and he was the only neighbor I had, so I brushed off the creatures he described as unusually ugly animals that he might’ve run into. Besides, he was old, and he seemed to enjoy my company, so he was probably looking out for me since I didn’t have lots of experience with animals aside from pigeons and the occasional raccoon.
I did occasionally ask her about it. About what, if anything, had happened. About how it was possible to make the removable face look so real. About what it really looked like underneath. I tried to coax her into showing me, assuring her that I loved her no matter what, and didn’t give a damn what her real face looked like… I was just curious, that’s all.

Emily was another participant who encountered weird things. While fishing, she spotted someone on the opposite shore watching her. She called out, and got nothing in return. When she looked away for a moment and then looked back, the person was gone. Later that evening she said the person came back: a small person with brown hair came ran into her camp, stole her hunting knife, and ran out. She took chase but got clothes-lined by fishing wire that had been set up between two trees outside her camp. She didn’t set it up.
Another memory I have is when Mum would take us swimming at the outdoor swimming pool in Brightlingsea. Looking back on it now, I’m sure there were those who were skeptical about our ability to swim, but as it turned out, we loved it. And when my brother and I want the same thing, we were almost able to read what the other was thinking, and to the astonishment of the swimmers, we would race up and down the pool, doing lap after lap. However, the memory which stands out most from those swimming trips was a game of Life Saver. This was a game where we would sink to the bottom of the pool and then, taking turns, one of us would swim the other to the surface.
* * * * * *
The most injured of the three was taken to the only surgical operating room that the facility had. In the process of preparing the subject to have his organs placed back within his body it was found that he was effectively immune to the sedative they had given him to prepare him for the surgery. He fought furiously against his restraints when the anesthetic gas was brought out to put him under. He managed to tear most of the way through a 4-inch wide leather strap on one wrist, even though the weight of a 200-pound soldier was holding that wrist as well. It took only a little more anesthetic than normal to put him under, and the instant his eyelids fluttered and closed, his heart stopped. In the autopsy of the test subject that died on the operating table, it was found that his blood had triple the normal level of oxygen. His muscles that were still attached to his skeleton were badly torn and he had broken 9 bones in his struggle to not be subdued. Most of them were from the force his own muscles had exerted on them.
But she was old, he thought. Maybe it was best she had died.
In muted blue light I lower myself into the dry bathtub and start cutting hair.

Jake looked around.  The house was dark.  It was sometime during the night.  Both of his parents were standing by the couch, looking down at him.  His father was holding Jake’s jacket that he had worn last winter.
Amber screamed.
Mason soon found his voice. “You’re telling me you’re with them? Those… things? This whole time you’ve been leading this ship into a suicide mission?
Shawn bent down to retrieve his wallet. “Yeah, I suppose so.”
– End Colony Failure Assessment Report –
This continued until my fists were red and raw, but I’d keep knocking until my hands were scraped down to the bone if I had to. I had to know. I had to know.
And last night the saw started up again.
Luvia closed her eyes for a few seconds, but information about me seemed to reach her much quicker than her visions of Tina’s husband. She looked straight into my eyes, grabbed my hands and said:
The translator took a moment to confirm her answer before relaying it. His eyebrows furrowed.
After settling on a meat tenderizer I began to patrol the apartment searching every room top to bottom.
A few weeks went by, each being more uneventful than the last, visits with Otis aside. I was becoming close friends with him, and I spent time with him often. Despite the weird vermin comments now and then, he was a nice guy. He told me stories of his late wife, and of his children, who have long since moved out to attend school. I help him out on his farm sometimes, which I can tell he appreciates due to his having some trouble because of his age. Sometimes we would sit inside and watch his black and white TV, and occasionally we’d eat dinner together. It comforted me knowing I wasn’t entirely on my own like I initially thought. When I returned home, though, it felt painfully lonesome. I mindlessly flipped the TV on as I sat on the couch, a habit I had started not long after the move. It helped somewhat to ease the feelings of isolation, but I’d take what I could since I couldn’t simply go to Otis’s house all the time. The rain followed soon after.
The man closed his coat. Swift as it had been opened and his form revealed, it was gone. Even the image now only seemed to be a vivid imagining, a heavy shape in the mind. flat but frightening. Like the art on the walls. A spray paint picture stained onto the slabs of the mind. A short injection of authority ran through Henrison’s blood.
Roasting and queasy – an all-new low, she thought as she begrudgingly rose from the bed and walked over to the window.
“Start driving, again. Let’s go to the shack.”
Jullian: Dunno none of them ever returned.
“You son of a bitch! I knew it!” he shouted.
“Computer, the ship is currently under emergency protocol. What the hell happened?”
Do you ever get hungry listeners? Do you ever feel that trembling deep in your core? Do you ever wish that it would just stop? The pain, that innate desire to make it all just go away. That continuous creeping reminder of your pathetic mortality.
Sayyid took out a flashlight and looked in her eyes, behind her teeth, in her ears, and up her nose. He checked her heart rate and pulse and made careful notes. The smile fell from his face and a disappointed sneer replaced it.
“We are the end,” he rasped.
“D-dad?”
The screaming stopped.
“So we’re special then?”
Collin: You’re just going to disregard my question?
George defensively reached back and rubbed the back of his head. “Okay, okay, you’re the expert but…”
Amani leapt at him, and even managed to land a glancing blow before the uniformed men at the door grabbed her arms and held her back.
Collin: I was just standing there, in shock over what had just happened. I felt like I was trapped in some bizarre world. Like I was on some terrible prank show when I just snapped. I grabbed him by his shirt collar and then I.. I-
I didn’t like the basement. I learned Daddy’s lessons early, so I wouldn’t have to go down there. “It’s dark down there, Daddy. Can’t I stay up here with you?”
“Sir, this line is for emergencies only. You know that faking an emergency call is a crime, right?”
“Damn, and with a resume like this? How are you twenty-four if you spent five years in the Air Force? Did you join at fifteen or something?”
Everything he had, all of his success, all of the bad choices he avoided? That was because of me! Because there was somebody there to guide him, to steer him away from danger and toward a better path! All I wanted was for him to be as good as he could be. The best him that he could be. All I wanted was to give him a push in the right direction.
I picked it up and quickly injected it in to the man. I didn’t care what was in it. The man had clearly intended to use it on me, but I assumed it was some sort of tranquilizer. I brought out my rope, and began to tie the man up.
To everyone’s surprise, the test subjects put up a fierce fight in the process of being removed from the chamber. One of the Russian soldiers died from having his throat ripped out, another was gravely injured by having his testicles ripped off and an artery in his leg severed by one of the subject’s teeth. Another 5 of the soldiers lost their lives if you count ones that committed suicide in the weeks following the incident.
So are my parents.
Sometimes I go through depressive episodes. I feel so lonely, even with my friends. I don’t know what’s going through my head during these times, and sometimes I’d end up in a bath tub, a knife in my hands and my wrists bleeding.
After weeks of digging around and bugging the lady at the front desk, you’d found it: the elevator code for floor zero.
You were outside yelling, about how we should hang out.
“Mother, I didn’t mean to kill her.” That was a lie.
Static….error

A surge of unimaginable pain built up rapidly in Elliot’s temple. He screamed violently, a gush of blood flowing down his face. The opening was burning itself shut, the broken skin fixing itself back together on both ends. Elliot gritted his teeth, on the verge of tears. A few more seconds passed, and the injury had completely healed.

We were friends in college and continued to be after I graduated. Notice that I said “I”. He dropped out after two years of barely cutting it. After I moved out of the dorms and into a small apartment, I didn’t see Peter as much. We would talk online every now and then (AIM was king in pre-Facebook years). There was a period where he wasn’t online for about five weeks straight. I wasn’t worried. He was a pretty notorious flake and drug addict, so I assumed he just stopped caring. Then one night I saw him log on. Before I could initiate a conversation, he sent me a message.
I know this makes no sense at all, but that was my train of thought. I mean, if you woke up one day missing a finger, you’d certainly look around first, right? So that’s what I did.
She’s standing across from us, in front of the bathroom door, flanked by the two Mimi’s. All three are holding up their phones, filming me. A three-eyed goblin. Their red lipstick smiles threaten to form one.
Emily’s protests were silenced as Tracer ran the knife over her throat. There was no blood at first. The blade just clipped through the model, but the reaction was disturbingly realistic. Despite there being no visible wound, the blood still trickled down Emily’s chest. Her cries turned into dry gasps for breath. Her body jerked around. The whole while, Tracer stood patiently behind her, waiting for her to die. The blood looked uncomfortably realistic as it soaked into Emily’s shirt.
As the ooze changed, so too did its color. It became white and fuzzy, not unlike television static. Appropriately enough, TV and radio dialogue soon filled the forest. This thing was collecting signals from thin air, regurgitating lines from popular programs long since broadcast. At least, that’s what it appeared to be doing.
Julian: Oh, yes, at this very moment he’s gathering more speed.
Sayyid was calm. “How can I do what I did, you ask? Well, the first thing you should understand is the history of the Kurds, and the vile scum that they are…” he began. I cut him off.
Collin: What the fuck was that?

I watched from the airport Starbucks three hours later as every TV in the terminal lit up with the crash footage of the plane I should have been on.

It’s Captain Brinkman. We’ve made it through the asteroids, but the ship is badly damaged. (he takes a deep breath) Some… thing, some type of god awful thing came through the top haul of the ship. It came from one of the aster…
Dave said that she might have rabies, which was rather shocking to me as she was an indoor cat. He joked about giving her pot, saying it would “chill her out” but there was no way I was going to let him drug Ginger! Eventually he gave up trying to convince me that drugging my cat would help her and asked if he could put her in the pet carrier in the other room so we could hang out without a crazy animal running around. I agreed and handed Ginger over, big mistake. Dave did indeed put Ginger into a carrier, but not before injecting methamphetamine into her. When he returned, he told me he had done it but I laughed; I didn’t believe him. I should have been more careful. After all, I’d been around Dave a while and although he was pretty kept together, he was still very unpredictable.
Well, do you, listener?
Screams were all around. The source of them was not visible but I could hear what sounded like dozens of voices all screaming with him, all howling and shrieking in pain. His eyes were wide and terrified, his body jerking and twitching as he screamed the same words over and over again, the same two words.
Then on Monday, a stack of bricks was delivered to his driveway.
On the way home from work I bought some earplugs at the drugstore. Then I talked to my neighbor out by the mailbox again. He was thinking of having a word with the guy. I told him that was a terrible idea. Trust me, I said. I’d already tried.
The driver was Keaton, frat guy. Julie had liked him at one point. Tonight he wore a blue fleece and chubbies shorts (even though it was freezing outside) and tall white socks. He was a thin preppy guy with a pronounced jawline that made him look like a movie star. He constantly wore a backward facing good ol’ boys cap, so often that it seemed to be a part of his head. In fact, I wasn’t sure if I’d ever seen him without it. He was a cocky sort of guy and always had a wealth of animated and flippant facial expressions at his disposal, unfailingly with a flare of his nostrils, which looked like you could fit grapes in them.

The sun shone through Kent’s eyelids as the chirping of birds coaxed him awake. He lay on the ground near a single tree, his body aching all over. The carnival was gone. All that remained was an empty field of dirt and scattered patches of dead grass.
Caleb.
Estimated reading time — 18 minuteOfficer Sparrow walked down Jenkins street in a stride of confidence, though was trying to hide her strong authority beneath a mask of indifference. She was wearing her casual clothes and a thin face of makeup, fit for a Saturday night raver, or a particularly plain Sunday night hooker. Her firearm and badge were hidden beneath her thin leather jacket. She decided against having a cigarette, it may have completed the look but even a false one nowadays may regress her back to the old urges. Urges of sweetness and vomit spilling round her tongue. Behind her, tucked into an alleyway was Henrinson in the disguised cruiser, ready with the radio and backup if needed. A shotgun kept discreetly under the seat. The idea of backup for this case seemed to be a farce to sparrow; her pride shone through a quick smile.

I had a CT scan done, just to check for any abnormalities. And what did they find? No tumor. No overdeveloped pituitary gland. Nothing unusual except for the big damn bunch of wires plugged into my brain.
When my son was born, it was like I finally had found my calling. Yes, I’d had jobs before. Even what I thought was a respectable and long-term career. But nothing had ever captured my interest, nothing had ever engaged my waking and sleeping mind, like that tiny cherubic face.
“Oh, you haven’t heard? Sal’s in the hospital, some sort of coma.” George hoped his enthusiasm for delivering this juicy bit of gossip didn’t come off as uncaring.
I got up the next morning and went downstairs to get some breakfast. I walked past Kimberly’s room and saw that she wasn’t in there. When I got downstairs, I saw her on the couch, finishing up the horrific episode I watched last night. I immediately grabbed the remote and turned the TV off. “Why did you do that?” she asked.
Your skin looked so nice and healthy, and your eyes, they were the most beautiful I’d ever seen them.
I shook involuntarily at the sight of the creature. It was by far the most terrifying thing I had ever seen, and while I am not proud of it, I lost control of my bladder. Panicking, I sprinted up the stairs to get to my shotgun as fast as possible. I slammed my bedroom door shut, locked it, and fumbled to load the shells. I waited in that room for what must have been hours before I realized something – that my car was in the shut garage, and I could get to it via the connecting door which I made sure to lock so tightly every night.
Luke’s crushed body and broken heart tried to will him to rise and attack this evil thing, but his body was done and it would not move. The Rag and Bone Man put his spiked arms on to the stove.
Half an hour later I begged off from getting a cup of coffee with Richard and booked it to my car. A relic from my drinking days – a beat-up Ford truck with a taped-on rearview mirror and a broken right-side window lever, bumps and gouges and scratches all over it from driving drunk all over the place. I just couldn’t get rid of it. I don’t know why.
“C’mere…”
The nurse turns the TV on and it’s playing Block-Heads. I watch it for a minute, and in the back of my mind I remember how Remus would laugh and I smile. I lay there, handcuffed to the bed, and watch for a few moments longer. Then I rest my head upon Remus and close my eyes.
I don’t know why they were screaming. I don’t want to know. I suspect that if I did know, my voice would join theirs.
“I’m not lyin’! Momma ain’t in her room like Daddy says she is.”
Apart from all that, though, I should note that despite the existence in this room of a mirror next to the bookcase and a little to the back, leaning onto the edge of a heavy nightstand, I didn’t dare all this time to look at my reflection. And not just out of fear of what I might possibly observe there, but for another, far more ominous reason: because it seems to me that I have even forgotten how my visage is supposed to look! And now indeed my urge to read more of these pages can never be abated!
You enter the elevator, your mind flooded with expectations. You enter the code into the keypad, and the elevator begins to descend. The elevator continues its descent for nearly 20 seconds, which was strange, considering you started on the base floor.
Breaching the surface, I swam as fast as I could to the nearest land mass. Evidently, a storm had gathered in my time underwater and had begun pouring. Sheets of rain slapped the water’s surface as a rocky cliff came into view. Heaving my exhausted body up onto the rock pile, I turned to where I was, just moments ago. Something enormous was rising up out of the ocean, shrouded by the clouds. Its outline was visible through flashes of lightning. Great wings rose, outstretched from its back. Its arms were gigantic, and the outline of tentacles could be seen around its mouth. Its hand rose out of the water and horrible claws could be seen on each finger. This was the “He” that Brown referred to.
It was a cold and lonely night as I drove mile after mile on barren roads that seemed to drag on forever and lead to nowhere. I had been driving for hours since i left home and ran away with my dad’s car. I don’t know what i was thinking, or where i am going. All i know is i had to get away. I had to get far away from home and never turn back.
Report:
“She took off. She still had the fork and before we could get Dr. Andrews out of the room, she busted her window with her cane and booked it.”
The pitch and repetition of her screaming are making my head feel like a kettle that’s about to boil. Before it reached its crescendo of shrill whistling, I pull over. If I knew then what I know now I would have never stopped or would have pulled into the nearest gas station. Anything other than where I choose to stop at.
The strangest thing about any animal that has lived to be infected is the mutations. The muscles of the animals become overgrown and end up splitting through the skin. The bodies seem to engulf other rotting matter they come into contact with, making them a terrible mutation of rotting animal carcasses. It happens so quickly, an infected animal only needs to brush against a dead or dying body. The skin of the infected animal latches onto the other body and it is dragged onto the rest of the body. Veins sprawl out across the new mass like a vine growing far too quickly. Sometimes a new corpse is dismembered by the veins and carried to parts of the host’s body that are weak or missing. It’s a gruesome event I’ve had the displeasure of seeing more than I can count.
“I see. Why don’t you just take the rest of the night off? You look like shit, man.”
Two figures, emerging from the woods, towards the camera. They were almost humanoid, with the exception of their limbs, which stretched to nightmarish proportions. Their blank, white skin was that of a pure albino, and looked more like tree bark than anything you expected to find on a mammal. A cloud of fireflies surrounded the duo.

“What?” I asked.
“Downtown? This was out at the high school.”
One eye was missing, as was an ear and her nose. Three fingers were missing from her right hand as well. I tried hard not to stare but all of these looked like they had been done so crudely, so violently that it made me wince.
I remained silent. Keaton’s grin started to slowly fade in the direction of a frown, which, I can’t lie, intimidated me. So I spoke up.
There was no reply.
“Once we get aboard Olympus we’ll be able to treat it better and you could be seeing fine in just a few weeks.”  Laura nodded her head to convey that she not only heard the statement but also that she was back in the realm of clinical response and Dimitri seemed to understand its meaning.  “Good,” he continued; “okay…listen, I need you to keep your eyes closed for now and do your best to stay calm.”  He sighed in a way she didn’t think she’d ever heard before, before finally asking; “Does it hurt?”  She nodded. The two small bonfires beneath her eyelids kept her from little more than a responsive state while the shock momentarily held the rest of reality at bay.
Her co-pilot, however, did not appear to be as impressed.  Dimitri Vladimir Kapirski had a few more seasons under his belt than she did, as a pilot-cosmonaut and a test-cosmonaut on thirty-nine different missions to space, including two two-year stints aboard the, now defunct, International Space Station.  The man had logged more time in space any anyone who hadn’t retired; which was part of the reason why he was being made the Commander of the OSS.  Dimitri had the type of serious temperament and fastidious eye for details that only came from being in the game for so long.
Against my better judgment, I unbuckled the restraints on his jacket. Before he was free, I locked the door and showed him the pistol I keep in my desk as a warning against attacking me. As I loosened the last strap, I felt his arms relax. He took a long, deep breath, savoring his newfound freedom. Rotating his arms, jogging in place, he seemed like a perfectly normal man except for his eyes.
It was one of those small portable ones often used in schools or libraries.

Opal Pearson was born on February 9, 1908, in Pennsylvania, to impoverished farmers Gemma and Tobias Pearson. Gemma was widely regarded as being an oddball around her village so no one was overly surprised when Opal emerged from her womb entwined with a malformed twin, Pearl. Some people believed that Gemma – who was rumored to have dabbled in witchcraft – had cast a spell over her womb, willing her child to be born malformed. Certainly, Gemma instantly saw a means of making money out of her baby’s physical misfortune and quickly started exhibiting her deformed child – children – off to her neighbors for a penny a peak – or food, or fabric…whatever they had to give. Tobias was horrified by his wife’s behavior but was seemingly powerless to stop it. He fell into a deep depression and died nine months after the birth of his firstborn – borns – although rumors were whispered that he had been poisoned. Gemma reportedly kept great quantities of arsenic around their shabby home, allegedly to deal with an ongoing rat problem.

The statement was designed to leave no room for response. They were, obviously, wondering that very thing.
“How’s a peanut butter sandwich sound, kid?”
Luke’s eyes focused swiftly as the weight of the man’s words exploded through his ears.
“Hi!” said Julie. “My friend and I have broken down and are stuck out on –

“David?” I had to ask.
“No, Daddy.”
I got some quotes from a few of the searchers I knew before they disbanded and left me alone on the empty road with Dale. The forest seemed to hum with silence after the noisy night.
For about five days I lived off the services of some nearby rest stop off the interstate. Afterward, I mustered up the courage and I went back. I couldn’t hide from my life anymore. I had to face the reality of the situation head-on and my girlfriend needed a reason for why I left. Looking back at her face again was one of the hardest things that I have ever done. As hard as it was for me was how relieving it was to see that her face had returned to normal. I gave her the biggest hug and the most sincere apology I have ever given anyone before. I was so glad that I came back. I didn’t want to leave her behind for good. I explained what I saw to her. I knew she wouldn’t understand nor did I expect her to, but she comforted me anyway.
“Mother will probably ground me from the television,” he considered, looking to the mess he had made.
It was the next day that Ms Kismet showed up at my brother’s home. She was all smiles once again and thanked me for my time. My brother had asked no questions about what had happened, most likely because he couldn’t care less. And he was happy to hear that Ms Kismet would now arrange for him a meeting with their director, at the set of the current production they were working on right now.
“Sweet. Hell yeah.”
“Now we’re ready,” said Keaton. “Amy, make out with Billy. Thirty seconds, that’s it. Promise.”
Shawn thought hard but not long before agreeing to the terms. The two men shook hands and agreed to stay in touch.
“This is gonna be so awesome! Right, dad?”
She beamed with pride as she finished her story, and would say no more. And she was right, Vasily loved her so much, and wore no resentment on his face for his injuries. He always seemed to be smiling pleasantly, even though (in his blindness) he often didn’t know anyone was looking. He visited her every day until she died, and he was holding her hand when she passed. I knew from his interactions with hospital staff that he understood spoken English, and so at Yana’s funeral I told him that I had been a friend of his mother’s. I told him that she was the most amazing, wonderful woman I had ever met. His sad, grateful smile grew deeper, and he nodded his head. His response came in sign language.
“What the fuck are you talking about Kanagi?”  Laura cringed involuntarily; she had never heard Dimitri cuss before.  She could only imagine what Rukia’s reaction was.  It took a moment for her to respond.

Stupid, I know. Irrational. Leftover paranoia from a lifetime of substance abuse. I blinked and held a hand to face, smoke curling around my eyes, and when I took my hand away and looked again this person was still there. I just stared and slowly they turned and walked – no, sauntered – past my vision, up the street somewhere.
Julian: And we’re back, boy do I love coffee.
But he got no answer.  Jake’s mom slumped slowly to the floor, crying.  His dad stood where he was for a minute, and then said, “fuck this.”  He looked at Jake and started to turn to go, but then stopped.  “You did this to her,” he said, looking back over his shoulder, and then something that confused Jake further.  “I’m not even sorry, you know that?  Not sorry a bit,” and he stomped down the hall, slamming the bedroom door behind him.
I did get a follow-up call from the police, asking me to confirm my story. The hospital found no traces of psilocybin in Chris’ blood, though that’s not unheard of, since it has a short half-life. If they end up testing his hair, I will likely be in a lot of trouble. But that’s truly the least of my concerns.
I finally made it to Dave’s house; the screaming followed me all the way to his front door. I didn’t even bother to knock, just flung open the door and glairing around the room. He didn’t notice me until after I slammed the door shut, making him jump for his fire arm. He let out a sigh of relief only briefly as he noticed the anger on my face. He put up his hands in a peaceful manor and approached me very slowly, asking if I was ok. The only words I could manage where, “you killed them….my mother…my brother….you did it….you killed them” A look of confusion that quickly turned to anger flashed across his face. Before he could respond, we both heard a low pitched growl from his kitchen. That growl chased away my vengeance instantly. I felt a slight joy, knowing that growl was Ginger and she had bested that mangy mutt back at the house, but fear quickly overcame me as I replayed the images of my brother being attacked.
It wasn’t until he flipped through Sector IX that he finally saw them. There were only two of them in the image, but it was enough for Mason to fully comprehend exactly what he was dealing with. To call them human would be insultingly inaccurate. Hunched dark bodies dwarfed every detail of the corridor, their leathery grotesque heads nearly reaching the ceiling. They shuffled with cartoonish swiftness, as if whatever action they took was sped up to three times the normal rate. Their legs moved unsettlingly, barely leaving the ground and scuttling close to their hideous bodies before the next leg repeated the same process. They looked like bipedal spiders, momentarily pausing and then clambering through doors and air vents. Their lanky arms extended from their upper-mid section and scraped the ground, dragging along with them protracted and lengthy talons glistening with the remains of the fallen. Mason horridly observed that there were only two creatures he was able to catch on camera throughout the entire facility. He had no idea where the other eighteen might be patrolling.
“Won’t you sit down?” he pointed to a vaguely medical table upon which he seemed to suggest he would examine her. She did so.
But maybe…
“What a waste of time. It’s hot as hell in this uniform. I fucking hate being deployed in the desert. The sand’s more of a threat than anything I’ve seen so far.” Roger picked up a handful of the yellowish dust, letting it slip between his gloved fingers.

I took a few more steps into the disgusting establishment and came across the front desk. There was what looked like dry blood splattered on the desk and walls, a painfully putrid aroma arose and i started choking and coughing. I covered my mouth and nose with my coat then started jogging towards the front door. I felt like i shouldn’t be there, like the place didn’t want me there.
We dated, we moved in together, we decided to get married.
The first time we learned about what heroin did for the brain, I was confused. Because that pure rush, that pulse-pounding oh-fuck-yeah euphoria? That sounded too damn familiar. I had it all the time. Every time I cracked open a book. Every time I aced a test. Every time I cleaned up after myself, or mowed the lawn, or did what you asked, I got the exact rush that the book described as a result of an incredibly powerful opiate.
You said that once you were a child, just like me, with parents and friends. You used to go to the same schools as me.
Kent wasted no time. “Can someone tell me where the police station is?” No one answered. In fact, everyone put down their forks and knives, their glasses, their sandwiches. They all looked at Kent with dissatisfied eyes. Even the waitresses were staring daggers at him.
A wad of saliva soaked hair.
Kaylee hung for a moment with her hand on the door handle. Then her face turned hard and she opened the door. “I’m sorry my being insane hurts your feelings, Danny,” she said as she jumped out.
“It dead?”
“I can’t promise it’s a permanent solution, so we’re keeping an eye on everything. We have your camera array set up down here so you can monitor and report as needed.”
“And how’s that?” asked David.
“Past where the silo stands,” he spoke aloud with both confidence and fear. Letting out some more slack on the straps, Kent swung Brian’s knapsack onto his back and continued hiking up the road. The sun was just above the trees, getting ready to paint the sky. Night was coming.
Brenda’s leaving made no difference to Howard as he had spent the best part of the last 7 years hating the sight of her any way and from that day forward she was referred to only as ‘burn in hell Brenda’
After I made it past the crosswalk I pulled out my phone and took another selfie. In the background down the previous street, he was still there. Unless he risked getting run over though, he wouldn’t be able to catch me tonight.
Hell, it had even been her fault that he was where he was now, driving down some awful back road in Colorado instead of lying peacefully in the motel room bed.  He had been packing his bag to hit the road that morning when she had knocked on the door.  What should have been a quick trip out the door turned into an hour-long shouting match about why he hadn’t sent the check last month.  Well, he had been shouting and she had been crying.  Things finally ended when Mark grabbed his bag and walked out the door, leaving her sitting and blubbering on the floor of his front room, but he hadn’t had the time to make sure everything was packed, and wouldn’t you know it, the Colorado roadmap was left sitting on his kitchen table.  Mark didn’t notice until well into the drive, and his anger and pride had kept him from pulling over to ask directions.  You could say that it had actually been his fault that he got lost, but it didn’t really matter, did it?  Here he was, trying to find his way through the dark and the snow with only his memory of the route he traced last night.  His mood had not improved with the road signs he had encountered over the last forty miles or so.  Signs with uplifting messages like “WINDING ROAD,” and “BEWARE OF FALLING ROCKS” and “DON’T STOP FOR HITCHHIKERS.”
I am a calm person by nature, always have been. Small stuff never bothered me, even while driving.
So I drove home, into a buzzsaw I didn’t expect, that made me forget about the tooth entirely, for a while, anyway.
I was worried, I’ll admit, that he would change as he grew older and went to school. My wife called me a mother hen, half teasing and half exasperated with my worrying. After a year of public school, though, she began to agree with me. Our well behaved son was in danger of reverting into the little hellion who had so exhausted us years prior. I don’t know why she worried about it. After all, I had more than a little experience in education myself, and was perfectly qualified to homeschool. I think perhaps she thought that his emotional and social growth would be stunted if we pulled him from the public school system.
“Yeah, totally,” said Julie as she snatched it from him. So fake, I thought. Julie took a minuscule little sip and coughed. Keaton chuckled and shook his head. Julie passed me the flask and I immediately passed it to Billy, who looked taken aback.
Then I saw something I couldn’t believe. The form was now right at my back, whispering into my mind how I shouldn’t have come. I felt its breath on the back of my neck, but I refused to turn around. A large rectangle was scratched into the wood, with a small dent chipped away in the center of it. Right in front of my eyes, I saw the large seven I had mindlessly etched into the wall. I knew what it was: room seven was just beyond that wall where room five was moments ago.
My eyelids opened for the second time, but it felt easier. I looked down quickly, and I saw that my hands were no longer cuffed. I was free.
Something slowly moving in your direction.
My phone rang in my pocket. I was still trying to run from the monster, and right now it was right above me. Even if I survived this, I’m not sure if the world will. I dug my phone out as I continued running.
MR. GROVEWOOD: So long as you’re ready. There’s no going back from here. This will be our new home.

I looked down at Mr. Brockwell’s corpse. Autopsies were invasive and expensive, and generally I avoided them unless there was a good reason to perform one. That was up to my discretion. But I supposed that a detective’s intuition was a good enough reason. It’s not like David made a habit of requesting autopsies.
I left the wedding as sure as I ever was that “the thing that will kill me” wasn’t real. Didn’t exist. I’d look behind the trees. Behind the cars. Nothing was waiting for me. Nothing was ready to skin me. I didn’t know why I had been scared so long.
“And daddy says that this video will make it like you were here too and that I should tell you like I’m telling the camera…um…I mean…” Kevin tied his own tongue momentarily.
Collin: Thanks for having me Julian, but I would rather talk about why I’m here today.
Not only was there still no logical explanation to the who, how or why, but someone had managed to make their way into our home, hack a piece of me and leave without seemingly breaking in or even leaving any evidence behind.
She was only the first. Pretty soon, classes were being constantly interrupted by students turning ashen and sprinting out the door, trying to make it to the bathroom before everything came up. The nurse’s office was flooded with wheezing, puking, fainting patients in a matter of hours. Of course, this being 1991, we didn’t have the option of calling parents to pick us up – going to the nurse was the only option. We didn’t know yet the nurses’ calls to the outside weren’t going through, and at that point, no one cared, because halfway through lunch, someone walked into the boys’ bathroom and found Paul Maschhoff lying dead in a puddle of blood and vomit. Unsurprisingly, all hell broke loose.
She was much softer then Peg, and wait – although her body was cold and pallid, she was warm inside.
“What’s on those tapes is WORSE.
Billy nodded.
The Adam I picked up, though, was different. Cool, calm, and collected, as the saying goes. The nervousness was gone; not exuding any sense of innocence. It was like he was prepared, he’d been here before, was confident he’d win, and I couldn’t so much as get a small laugh out of him to my terrible dad jokes. He just sat there in the passenger seat looking out the window, taking note of where we were going.
I stayed silent and that irritated him.
The match had been between Kid O’Brien—a lubberly and now quaking youth with a most un-Hibernian hooked nose—and Buck Robinson, “The Harlem Smoke”. The negro had been knocked out, and a moment’s examination showed us that he would permanently remain so. He was a loathsome, gorilla-like thing, with abnormally long arms which I could not help calling fore legs, and a face that conjured up thoughts of unspeakable Congo secrets and tom-tom poundings under an eerie moon. The body must have looked even worse in life—but the world holds many ugly things. Fear was upon the whole pitiful crowd, for they did not know what the law would exact of them if the affair were not hushed up; and they were grateful when West, in spite of my involuntary shudders, offered to get rid of the thing quietly—for a purpose I knew too well.
Just then, a handful of teachers filed back into the gym, wearing lab coats borrowed from the science department. The makeshift masks that covered their mouths and noses transformed them from teachers we’d known for years into nameless robots. They corralled us into lines and called students up one by one. After a hasty examination – no stethoscopes, no thermometers, just a quick once-over – kids were sent outside, or to the back of the gym. In, out, in, in, in, out, out, out. They were separating us, sick from healthy.
Please wait...It’s quite an interesting concept: those little “pass it on” messages, I mean. Chain letters and people telling you, “post this in five different comments or else you’ll die tonight.” Interesting indeed, but the idea lacks originality. It’s the same story with each one. “Pass it on or die.” People pass it on, and they go on living – a happy ending for everyone. But…what if there was a little twist?
Erica held her breath for a moment and listened. Pure silence. She had trouble sleeping, and thought possibly her tired mind was just playing tricks on her. She sighed, displeased with herself for entertaining such horrid thoughts. How could she think of Caleb in that way?
Shawn gave his best smile. “I don’t know Riley. I’d love to but-”
So, a couple weeks later, i drive down one weekend and we start tearing up carpeting, ripping off wallpaper, etc. The basement had been changed into a room for Chris some years before and while half of the floor was concrete, the other half seemed to have been torn up and replaced with floorboards and one of the boards had become warped and broke, leaving it protruding up under the carpet so they wanted to replace it.
“No, Mom, I do!  I really do!” Jake wailed, now distraught as well as confused.
The Beast is a giant ten foot cat on steroids. Its muscles to large, twisted out of place and the entire body twitched constantly. It didn’t move properly, even for an infected beast, its movement was much more glitched; as if it was fading in and out of normal time. It was like a sadistic hologram poorly projected into the crowded street. I was not about to wait for the thing to spot me, and had already begun to survey the abandoned cars around me for one I could get into and hide. I spotted a deasil truck; decided the back of the trailer might be my best bet as I hoped that thing would not be able to tear through the metal. I kept low, attempting to look under cars for the beasts legs so I knew it had not found me.
The victims – both men and women – were found with stab and puncture wounds on their torsos and upper legs along with severe lacerations to their arms, faces and shoulders. Though these injuries by themselves were enough to put fear into the heart of those who discovered them; there were other more ghoulish findings. The victims all had two or three bones missing from their bodies – the bones taken were always small and from their limbs. The victims always had a long strip of fabric missing from the backs of their clothing.
But the pavement sure as hell does — about ten feet from Georgina Hicks’ driveway. Even the rest of Oak Street — the paved parts — isn’t what you’d call urban. Oak Street is mostly private forestland, tree farms and huge houses nicer than anything we’ve got in town. Some of those houses are nicer than city hall.

For my wife, it’s turned into unreasoning anger. She’s downstairs right now, no doubt cursing my name. For me, it seems to have manifested in needing to keep myself busy. But I’ve run out of piles to organize and surfaces to clean, and so I’ve come here to write down the whole story of my son’s life. I apologize in advance for rambling, but it’s all so fresh and raw right now that I need to work myself up to the actual event. My greatest failure.
“Run, Julie!” I yelled. “Ru –
Girls were never really interested in me. I was too shy and I found it hard to trust people, so I lashed out a lot. None of my temporary crushes ever went anywhere. Dates fell apart when I didn’t know what to talk about. A part of me was a little bitter, I’ll admit. But I took some comfort in the fact that I was able to find some happiness in my life.
But I know that’s not true.
“I know there’s a woman in Godstone, a woman living all alone but wearing a wedding ring, almost as if her husband is away, possibly working. I also have a good idea what her husband’s name is – don’t I, Luke?”
“David, man, we need to talk.”
Nothing changed after the meeting with Dr. Stephanie. I continued to do my Counts every day and I still struggled in school because I just could not focus. Two months and three days after the doctor’s appointment, a new student, Parker, joined our class. Seventeen, seventeen, seventeen, seventeen students in the class. The classroom had become permanently unbalanced because of Parker. I hated him. My ability to focus on my work dropped even lower. The Counts got even worse since I was constantly craving even numbers.

After pondering and wondering for a few minutes I got up, tucked the newspaper into my pants, then exit the room and walked around the motel lobby inspecting it, looking around for any signs as to how it could be possible to have gone back in time. But of course, I couldn’t find anything helpful. I looked outside through the window and gazed into the starry night sky. I figured i would just get some rest and look around more for answers tomorrow. So, i went back to my room and opened the door, glancing at the front desk before entering. It seemed strange that the guy from the front desk wasn’t standing there now and was no where in site. I wondered if he had gone through the secret passage way, but i didn’t want to think about it any more right now. I just needed to get some sleep. I walked into my room closing the door behind me gently. I took the newspaper and set it on the night stand then leaped onto the bed and sunk right into it. I nearly passed out as soon as my eyelids shut.
I don’t know how long we were in that auditorium – it felt but years, but was probably just a few hours – before the vice principal poked her head in and beckoned for the teachers to go outside. Everyone looked around at each other nervously, afraid to talk for fear that the teachers would come back in and scream at us. But they didn’t come back. Finally, one senior boy stood up.
Mom had told him before not to touch Peg or to make the nasty in her mouth, but he couldn’t help it.
“Who told you you could leave?” he snarled in a sinister voice. Brian looked shocked, until the boorish gentleman smiled and said, “Just kiddin’, little guy.”
Then he picked up one from the top of the stack and the one beneath blinked at me.
I stumbled, and at last, I fell, writhing on the ground like an insect. My mind was getting foggy. Darkness was starting to tug at the edges of my vision and I could still hear that horrible shrieking coming from behind me, echoing down the hall.
It’s morning. I’m in the bathroom standing in front of the mirror, looking at what’s coming out the side of my head. It’s coming out of my ear. Right out of the center. A single hair. Long and dark, it dangles next to my arm, all the way down to my hand. When it brushes against my skin it tickles.
A month of two into the occupation, people began disappearing. When their family members complained, the rebel army denied, stonewalled and outright rejected their pleas.
I studied the man’s face for several minutes, but it was no use. I didn’t know this man. There was one thing I did notice, though.
I think this goes without saying, but the whole ordeal and its aftermath fucking sucked.
“They’re going to make fun of you either way, but if you wax the hair—eventually—they’ll forget about it.”
“Auditorium, now!”
There was not a frank answer to be found among the impenetrable mist of deception. Had she stayed elsewhere, Amani may well have passed through this bloodsoaked page of the Middle East’s history without personal consequence or notice. She laughed a bitter laugh that needed no translation. Human misery knows no language barrier.
“Yes, Jake.  It’s time to get up.  Come on, now.”
My earliest memory is of going to school for the first time. Mum helped us into the classroom and sat us both down on a seat near the front of the class before placing a kiss on each of our heads and leaving. Mrs. Neer, the reception class teacher, then made each of the children stand up and say their name. When it was our turn Remus hadn’t wanted to stand. I can only guess this is because he knew he wouldn’t be able to say his own name. With my right arm pushing on the table I tried to get us to stand up, but Remus wasn’t moving and he pinched my thigh from out of sight.
I’m starting to feel cramped in this small apartment. Maybe that’s the problem. I just had to go and choose the cheapest apartment, the only one in the basement. The lack of windows down here makes day and night seem to slip by seamlessly. I haven’t been out in a few days because I’ve been working on this programming project so intensively. I suppose I just wanted to get it done. Hours of sitting and staring at a monitor can make anyone feel strange, I know, but I don’t think that’s it.
“Where’s Gwen? Where’s my wife?” Luke spat his words as he stumbled and struggled to stay on his feet.
Erica looked away. She wanted to help him let all the water out but she cannot move. She cannot bear to look at him. Erica stayed still as a statue until Caleb could not purge out any water anymore.
Even though I spent most of the year thinking of a way to keep it from happening again, I want to make it clear that I didn’t have a grand scheme going on.
I sat in the hallway, just outside of the view of the peephole in 1030’s door. I was off work anyway. This was how I would spend my day. They had to come out sometime. It got later. And later. And later. It was past midnight. They hadn’t left or returned all day. They had to. Soon. They had to. Night crashed into morning, morning became afternoon, afternoon became night, and before I knew it 48 hours had passed. I hadn’t eaten. I hadn’t slept. I had to know.
When he was about ten yards away, the figure turned and went back through the front door into the diner.  Shortly after, the lights flashed back on, causing Mark to shut his eyes against the sudden illumination.  When he opened them again, he saw a very large, very bald man standing inside, smiling broadly at him through the window.  The man opened the door outward with one heavily-muscled arm, and beckoned Mark to come in.  The man was wearing a plain white tee shirt that must have done nothing to protect him from the cold.  Mark hurried in, glad to put the night and the chill behind him.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Kent growled. “You think this is funny? Is my son still inside or not? Where is he?”
You’d been yelling at me for over 20 minutes.
“Why do you seem so shocked? Forget your name?”
I staggered to my feet, setting my goal for Dave’s house. All I could think about was sticking that needle in his neck and watching him gasp for air like my brother had. I was going to kill him for this. I made it to the corner when I heard more screams from behind me. The hairs on my whole body stood on end. I could imagine the distorted image of that demon dog hurling down the road after me, attacking any one standing outside as it went. I dared not even look behind me, focusing all my energy on getting to Dave’s house. Looking back now, had I called animal control at that moment, maybe, I could have prevented the spread of the disease.
Julian: How are you today, Mr. Shadow Man?
She knelt down and helped him put it on, and then hugged him fiercely.  “I love you, Jakey.  Please remember that,” she said, and then the dam broke, and she started sobbing loudly, still holding him to her.
“I’ll tell him you had an emergency. He’ll understand. We’ll keep it on the down-low from the admins. You don’t have to but I would sure recommend it.” Grinning, he finished with, “I am a doctor after all. Besides, you’re the boss. Who are they going to tell?”
01.
“You could if you wanted to waste half an hour,” I told her.
“I don’t know, and the phone lines are dead. I don’t know what’s going on. We’ve lost control of the students. We can’t separate them anymore, and there are so many dying. They’re – I’m – we’re just going to have to…” his voice trailed off incoherently, and he started hyperventilating. Great, now the teachers were losing it too.
The stranger smiled broadly and said, “Not in Boulder!”
Not even my sister.
I’ve never been able to look directly at it, if I do, I know I’ll see something I was never meant to comprehend. I’m afraid that looking at it will cause damage that can never be reversed. A funny notion, considering we both know I’m done for.
I wish I had my big sister’s hair. Hers is soft and light. Touching her arms is like touching peach fuzz. When she sweats her skin looks like melted butter.
Chapter 5
“Good. You got to keep an eye on her. She’s not careful like you are.”
Luckily, I rarely had any call to do so. As the terrible twos faded into memory, Isaac grew into the model child. His tantrums disappeared, and the willful and stubborn young boy became as tractable as any parent could hope. He ate his vegetables, he cleaned his room, he put away his toys, and he made my life as a father an endless parade of delight. Seeing his bright smile first thing in the morning never failed to bring an answering smile to my face.
Kent ran up to him, assuming he would be more cooperative.
“How old are you again, Mr. Myers?” he asked.
“Upstairs, my officers found him in what used to be the room of his youngest daughter. Symbols had been written on every exposed surface in what we think was his families blood mixed with his own. He was curled up in a ball, staring at the corner of the room, muttering to himself. One of my men got close enough to hear what he was saying”.
I could barely remember finishing the numbers, as all I could suddenly see was darkness, as my mind succumbed to the anesthesia. Before I knew it, my tumour would be removed and I would wake up happy and cancer-free. I let my mind wander as I drifted off into my mandatory deep sleep.
Coco: Are we all alone in this world?
The moment I bade farewell to my older sister and she drove away, I closed the door. That moment, I realized, I was really on my own. I don’t care to admit it, but being around people gave me an odd sense of comfort. That was something I didn’t have anymore, but I vaguely remembered seeing a house not too far from here, so I figured maybe I should say hello so I can have at least a tiny bit of company.
Things stayed nice and quiet like that all the way until sundown. Through the window, I could see the golden ribbons of twilight makin’ their way through the trees right to the house. They’d cast these longs fingers that clawed along the floor beams as they got closer to disappearin’, and for the first time in my life I kinda wished they’d take me away from the farm. I wasn’t too certain that there was anything out there past the forest, though; Daddy said there used to be. I stuck out my toes, catching the last bits of sun on their tips.

It turned out that the both of them were sisters (Their first names were Shirley and Louise) and Louise turned out to be the former owner of the house, but never lived in it. Apparently, her and her husband bought the house and were planning to add some new wiring and plumbing before moving in but her husband had a severe stroke not too long after buying it and eventually died. With the combination of hospital and funerary bills, Louise couldn’t afford fixing up and moving into the house and moved in with her sister instead. But, she did mention that during that time, the house was known to be home to a fair number of homeless people who would be regularly chased off the property. We also asked if either of them had a son and they both said “no”. We left there with not too many answers.
I read a book. Ten minutes had passed. I read another. Eighteen minutes since I took the Ambien. I threw the book across the room in disgust at my situation. The book slowly pirouetted and spun through the air, like a leaf blowing in a breeze. It hit the wall with a long, faint rumble – the only sound I had head for what seemed like hours – then drifted to the floor like a flip-flop sinking in a swimming pool.
Neither of us knew how to dance so we awkwardly just shuffled around for 10 minutes and 54 seconds until finally, I said, “Hey, Paige? Would you maybe, um, want to kiss me? We could go into the bathroom so it’s not so dark.”
“I’m fine!” I said, “I just… I need to bring her in…”
“Unless he ODs and dies first,” Amber muttered, staring miserably down at the hateful blue line.
I decided not to go outside.
“Shit!” he said. “I have a team en route to you right now. Just stay where you are.”
“I read palms,” she informed him, and took his right hand into hers. Tracing the lines on his palm with her pointer finger, the fortune teller began to divine Kent’s destiny. “Hmm… very interesting,” she mused.

My wife was surprised that he had stayed at a local college when he had so many offers from prestigious schools all around the world, but I explained the logic in it to her. Why spend all that money to go to another part of the world and be so busy with schoolwork that he wouldn’t be able to enjoy it? Better to stay at home, save some money, and go on a well-earned trip around the world when the degree was earned.
Just then, I heard Daddy yellin’ up something awful, and wouldn’t you believe it, Sarah-Beth done tried to get into Momma’s room again. I walked in the living room just in time to see him lick her across the jaw. Daddy had her by the hair and opened up the Bible that he always kept on the coffee table, it’s pages falling apart like flakes of yellow paint. He pushed her face right down in the pages like you do with a dog when it has an accident in the house.
“Nah, I don’t feel like looking for some strange place by myself in the middle of the night,” I said, looking out the window at the silent windy street that secretly scared me just a tiny bit. “I think I’m just going to keep working or go to bed.”
The tattooed neighbor was visibly taken aback when he approached. He stared at the wolf-man-thing a moment and they seemed to be talking. I couldn’t hear what was being said, but the tattooed neighbor was growing more agitated as the conversation went on. He threw an arm out to point back at his house and it was clear he was yelling at that point. Perhaps he was also sleep-deprived and making bad choices as a result, because I wasn’t sure I’d have yelled at something clearly so inhuman.
Now, it’s time to go. I have a lot of work to take care of in front of me, literally. My new life has only just begun.
However, what I couldn’t prepare for was the unpredictability of Brynn. Her needs and moods varied as all babies do. There was no rhyme or reason to her play. She did what she wanted when she wanted no matter if it made sense or not.
I swaddled him as warmly as I could, and fed him something before rushing him down to the home of the town’s only doctor. I nearly beat down the front door with my fist, and he answered with sleep still in his eyes because it was so early. I paid him with all of the heirloom jewelry from Mother that I had been able to hide from Sister over the years. An hour or so later, the doctor told me Vasily would live, but asked that he be allowed to monitor the child for the rest of the day. I told him that this would be fine, as today would be a busy day for me. And indeed it was. By evening I had smashed Sister’s head to a flattened pulp with the cast-iron skillet from our stove, obtained a train ticket for passage out of our home country, and made plans to give Vasily the best life that he could still yet have.
I went to the kitchen and got enough paper towels to clean the blue smears off the wall. I changed the blankets and tossed the stained ones in the dumpster outside.
“Boy.”  Back to chewing.
“I’m gonna smack the fuck outta you!” he snarled. “Billy, grab her!”
“You need to see a doctor,” my big sister’s voice is followed by an echo.
“Ah, yes,” she responded. “Gary Johnston?”
“Emily, please –” she started to say, but I never found out what she wanted, because the next thing I knew, she was retching blood all over me.
“I hope it’s sooner rather than later.” My best friend replied, her voice flirty. “I’m real tired of having to tip-toe around.”
They had less than 2^2 Deeli to see it, following so closely on the tail of its own light. In that time, oh so brief even by their fleeting lives, more than 10^10 sentients prepared for death. Lovers exchanged last words, separated by worlds and the tyranny of light speed. Their planetside engineers worked frantically to build sufficient transmission infrastructure to upload the countless masses with the necessary neural modifications, while those above dumped lifetimes of music and literature from their databanks to make room for passengers. Those lacking the required hardware or the time to acquire it consigned themselves to death, lashed out in fear and pain, or simply went about their lives as best they could under the circumstances.
By then his band had broken up and he had gone back to his family on the Floridian carnival circuit, taking Amber with him. By that point, she had graduated from groupie to girlfriend and she was downright ecstatic to join the carnival – feeling right at home amid the tattooed carnies and pink-haired ticket takers. The show even had some genuine freaks – fat ladies, bearded ladies, and contortionists amongst them. Jaxson even admitted that his late Great Uncle had been part of the sideshow courtesy of having been born with a parasitic twin growing out of his back. This tidbit of family history was what really made Jaxson sexy in Amber’s eyes. For a girl who desired difference, a guy with freaky genes was the crème de la crème.
I had gone a while keeping my thoughts to myself. I was embarrassed to admit that I might have the inclination that something unnatural was going on. I was sure to be heckled for that. I mean we are a group of people who are professionally focused on working with observable data, or at least making data observable in some way. But this, I thought, was beyond our abilities. How could a ship be brand new, untouched, and almost frozen in time?
The awful event was very sudden, and wholly unexpected. I was pouring something from one test-tube to another, and West was busy over the alcohol blast-lamp which had to answer for a Bunsen burner in this gasless edifice, when from the pitch-black room we had left there burst the most appalling and daemoniac succession of cries that either of us had ever heard. Not more unutterable could have been the chaos of hellish sound if the pit itself had opened to release the agony of the damned, for in one inconceivable cacophony was centred all the supernal terror and unnatural despair of animate nature. Human it could not have been—it is not in man to make such sounds—and without a thought of our late employment or its possible discovery both West and I leaped to the nearest window like stricken animals; overturning tubes, lamp, and retorts, and vaulting madly into the starred abyss of the rural night. I think we screamed ourselves as we stumbled frantically toward the town, though as we reached the outskirts we put on a semblance of restraint—just enough to seem like belated revellers staggering home from a debauch.
“Lesbian.”
Julian: Update on those wall dogs: They seem to have fully escaped the walls!
Finally, “Daedalus…when did you last report to NASA Mission Control?  How long has it been?”  It was Laura who replied.
Estimated reading time — 34 minuteIt was approximately 12:15 when I entered the Johnson County Community Health Clinic. I was there for an appointment I had set up weeks ago, just a routine checkup. It wasn’t a new place for me; I had been there a couple of times before. However, the place had an odd nostalgic feel to it, as if it were a location from my childhood or something, and I could never pinpoint exactly what this feeling was, or where it came from.
“Wow,” Shawn said when he could think of nothing better. Nobody said anything after this. Before the silence became awkward, Shawn added: “Well that’s my health lesson for today. I better get to my office. I’ll see you guys around.”
“But dude, she’s about to be your wife. And you don’t even know what she looks like. I mean, I’d have to take a look. Like, you could set a camera up in the bathroom. That’s where she does it, right? Set up a camera and have a look and then you’ll know.”
I truly think I was visited by an angel that day. Who but a divine being could give me such gifts?
This was two and a half weeks ago. I always hit the Saturday night meeting in the city – it’s fifteen minutes from the apartment I share with my girlfriend, but mostly I like the ambiance. It’s on the third floor of a place junkies and drunks call the “Hilton of rehabs”, a fat five-story hospital on the outskirts of the inner city, on a row populated mostly by mid-range hotels, cut apart from the main CBD by a big, sprawling park. It’s run by long-time sober folks but because of the location you get a lot of newbies, and I like that, because sometimes you forget things, you know? Like what made you trade the bottle in for a little bronze medallion, some lukewarm coffee and a stale cookie.
Coco: Why?
That was comforting. The last thing Amber wanted to do was admit to her parents that they had a grandkid. They would almost certainly try to remove it from her care and that would be the end of any money to be had. It was a fucked-up situation but if she could make payout from it, she wasn’t one to complain. People like her took what they could get.
The first night she took the pills, she didn’t dream about the monster.
I wait to see what she was doing, figuring she will pull some lost ‘treasure’ out of there and try to eat it. She doesn’t move. I walk over to her and call out to her. “You spilled Dada’s popcorn, monkey butt. Did you find something good under there?” She doesn’t respond, doesn’t move, doesn’t breathe.
On the first day of the second week of her disappearance, I got an envelope full of teeth in the mail.
“Do you see it?” she asked. I slowly nodded, but I didn’t understand it. “It’s okay if you need help! I’ll be there to help! You just need to trace the pattern, and after that, we can be together. Easy, right?”
I didn’t budge. I glanced to the side to see Billy sitting there with a wide-eyed grin plastered to his face. No way I was gonna kiss him. No way.
Estimated reading time — 14 minuteI swear I’m not being that pedantic asshole neighbor. Noise ordinance starts at 10 pm and most people respect it because there are a lot of young kids in the neighborhood. But my neighbor across the street is remodeling his house and last Wednesday he started cutting things at 10:30 pm. It sounded like metal. A high, shrill whine that easily penetrated the walls of my house and doubtless carried throughout the nearby vicinity. I thought – okay – maybe he’s running a little behind and desperately needs to get this done to meet some schedule. It is getting cold pretty fast, after all, or maybe he’s got some professionals coming out and something needs to be done before then.
But out of all the disgusting things in her list, she hated saliva the most. Why? First, there are millions of germs and diseases one could get from ingesting a drop from another person. Second, just thinking about that warm, sticky texture made her feel sick in the stomach.
Guess it came as no shock to me when I was jolted awake by the sound of my mother screaming at my father to pull over into the other lane but it was too late. A large semi-truck tried to pass us too quickly and rammed its tail right into the side of my parents’ car with so much force that the vehicle screeched across the road and rolled over a guardrail down a small ditch into the nearby forest below. The tumble was painful, I felt my head hit the roof and the sides of the car over and over again until I blacked out from a severe concussion. The last thing I heard was our car windows breaking and my parents’ pained screams of shock and horror.
Julian: (laughs) How about we get into the updates.
The abdominal organs below the ribcage of all four test subjects had been removed. While the heart, lungs and diaphragm remained in place, the skin and most of the muscles attached to the ribs had been ripped off, exposing the lungs through the ribcage. All the blood vessels and organs remained intact, they had just been taken out and laid on the floor, fanning out around the eviscerated but still living bodies of the subjects. The digestive tract of all four could be seen to be working, digesting food. It quickly became apparent that what they were digesting was their own flesh that they had ripped off and eaten over the course of days.
“Oh, you can tell it’s a him if you get close enough to where he’s positioned, trust me,” he chuckled. Was this all so normal he could joke about it?
“Yeah, she is pretty nasty-looking.” He paused. “You know, I think the room next door is empty. Do you wanna…?”
Easy.
As Teddy went back to Angie’s body, he stopped for a moment to marvel at her nudity.
Her face looked so shadowed. He lifted her head up by her clotted hair and saw that it was dried blood on her cheek that created the mock shadow.
 The Story Of The Russian Sleep Experiment
Suddenly Caleb opened his eyes, and began wheezing and coughing. His eyes flared red, and they bored into hers. Like a fish stranded on land. Erica was surprised, backing away on instinct. Greenish water drizzled down Caleb’s mouth.
Collin: I was never a big fan of my name since it was my father’s. So Oliver started calling me Coco.
It was hours before Khawlah returned to her cell, and when she did nothing but whimpering was audible from her. Amani pleaded with her to answer, but she was either unable or unwilling to do so.
Quickly, tossing it in the toilet and flushing, I yell, “What is happening to me?” I call to my sister, frantically unlock the stall door and stumble out. She catches me in her arms.

I popped my finger in our baby’s mouth, and she pecked on it, tryin’ for some milk. “She thinks it’s Kicker,” I tried to tell Sarah-Beth, but she wasn’t paying attention. She walked along the wall, running her fingers against the shelves of mason jars. You couldn’t tell cuz of how dark it was, but Daddy kept a lot of preserves down there: fruit like canned pears and peaches and apples, some tomatoes and onions too. There were also stacks of tubs filled with beans and rice lining the walls, but mice had done chewed into a couple of those. They even got into Dougie’s old box of toys, and I always wondered what they needed with a bunch of dusty tractors and things. Dougie didn’t need ‘em anymore, I guess; Daddy said he wouldn’t be coming back. The preserves were safe though, and sometimes I’d go into the basement, looking at all their different colors and thinkin’ about what they tasted like. I liked knowing most of the jars were still full.
“What do you mean Adam will be returning tomorrow?” his dad said on the phone.
“Now… There’s a pattern you have to do. It has to be on the screen, and it’s quite ornate. But I can send you an image.” Tracer said. ”You can trace over it if you need to.” She giggled at the stupid little pun. I watched as she stuck a finger into Emily’s wound and drew the pattern onto the screen. She drew two circles, one inside the other. The space between them was decorated with ornate circle of lines that looked almost like a labyrinth. The center was bare, but the exterior was something I’d never remember how to do on my own. It was complex and confusing. Looking at it made my eyes hurt. I almost swore that it was moving.
Collin: Hey, Julian?

What we heard next on the camera can’t be adequately described, nor would I want to, as I’ll have to live with those desperate screams, yells, and cries for the rest of my life. From what I could tell, it was over quickly, lasting about a minute between the sounds of Timothy and those of continued violent rustling.

Evidently, I hadn’t kicked him hard enough, because he sprang up from his seat and lurched furiously toward me. In the midst of the commotion, Julie rolled out of the car and fell to the ground. As Keaton clambered and clawed at me, Julie got to her feet and darted into the woods.
Needless to say, there was no need for them to tell me to keep my doors locked that night. I performed my locking routine over and over until I became exhausted, and then I passed out on the couch. When I woke up the next morning, I decided that I needed to do something to help protect myself. I got myself up and out of the door, and made the twenty-minute drive into town. The state that I live in has very loose gun laws, so I was able to purchase a shotgun and several boxes of ammunition that same day. Returning home, I watched a video on how to use the firearm safely and used a couple of trees for target practice. I placed the weapon and ammo beside my bed so that I would be able to access it quickly in case of an emergency.
The following couple hours were quite uneventful save for some paperwork, just as Earl had promised. As noon rounded the corner, Shawn leaned back in his seat and flipped open his wallet to reveal a picture of Chloe, worn from all the times he had removed and replaced it. She had made her way into his mind, as she often did, and Shawn sighed. He liked Riley. In his mind, that was not a good thing. When the news came of Chloe’s passing, he had pledged his heart to her, silently promising to remain faithful to their marriage despite his widower status.
“We weren’t exactly worried about that, Shawn. We had a bleeding doctor to worry about!”
There was a bang as his mother slammed the fork in her hand down against the countertop.  Jake froze.  Something was very wrong here.

“Don’t mention it,” she replied. “I’m sure you would do the same for me.”
Keaton opened the glovebox and rummaged. He pulled out a roll of gorilla tape and tossed it to Billy.
She grabbed me at the shoulders, “Where’s Junie?” I couldn’t remember. “Hey! Where is baby June?”
Otis.
Teachers came and went. My classmates laughed and slept, and you just sat there.
“You got family back in Flagstaff?”
After admiring how beautiful her neck was for a dizzying moment, I leaned in for an inspection. It was very hard to see, but it did look like there was a slightly unnatural transition there from her face to her throat. I grew dizzier, as a dozen questions rushed into my brain.
“Take the wheel, Peter,” said Keaton. “I wanna get shitfaced and I don’t wanna hit a damn tree, or somethin’.”
“Sir, I’m going to need you to please calm down. Now, you said a plane exploded?”

PART III – Six Shots by Midnight
Static….error
Julian: Can you give us a price?
I just went to bed and fell asleep, knowing that I’d wake up the following morning less of a man than I was the day before.
I knew then that the police couldn’t help me. So I turned up street, kicked off my high heels and began a full-on sprint to the downtown cathedral.
I came to a stop days later, crumpled onto the ground, staring at the ceiling. The pain in my shoulder still screaming with the intensity of a fresh violent injury. I had plenty of time to think during that fall. If every second seemed like days to me, then each minute of real-world time would be like years. Even if the drug cleared out of my system in the next two or three hours, this nightmare would seem to last centuries.
The man didn’t lie though. The cost was certainly steep. But, in the end, what I got in return was more than worth the price. I seem to be doing fine without it anyway.
I watched as Tracer dipped her finger into the blood to add a few more touches. For a moment, I thought I saw a long nail dragging itself against the screen. I blinked and it was gone. Tracer was still smiling, her eyes looking at the camera, and at me.
As you ponder the decision, your time quickly becomes limited, as the light at the other end of the room goes out. You decide on option A and run blindly into the dark hallway. As you reach the room at the end, suddenly the lights come back on. As your eyes adjust to the light, you notice that the droning of the lights has returned as well. You’d almost feel better, if it weren’t for one thing: there are no exits to the room.
I began to thrash around in my bed, the physical signs of my panic obliterated.
I haven’t realized how much of a shameful mess my car has become. Napkins, empty bottles, condiment wrappers, baby toys and maybe even a french fry or two. In my effort to retrieve the bottle I’ve knocked some things out of my car onto the roadside. The wind starts to blow some of them into the road. So, not wanting to travel too far away from the car I grab what I can and stuff the items back into the backseat on the floor, to be cleaned or forgotten about at a later date.
We had fair luck with specimens in Bolton—much better than in Arkham. We had not been settled a week before we got an accident victim on the very night of burial, and made it open its eyes with an amazingly rational expression before the solution failed. It had lost an arm—if it had been a perfect body we might have succeeded better. Between then and the next January we secured three more; one total failure, one case of marked muscular motion, and one rather shivery thing—it rose of itself and uttered a sound. Then came a period when luck was poor; interments fell off, and those that did occur were of specimens either too diseased or too maimed for use. We kept track of all the deaths and their circumstances with systematic care.
“Of the previous 1492 staff and crew of SSE Sentinel, two remain alive.”
I walked up the school stairs, down the hall, through my classroom door, and sat down at my desk. The same feeling of a burden forgotten hounded my mind. What was I forgetting?
“Peter, relax,” said Keaton. “We got everything we need. We got two girls in the car, right now.”
Amani walked down the long, dark corridor with the echoes of human anguish bouncing gently along the walls. Each step she took forward was like one step further from life, one step further from goodness and one step closer to hell. Inexorably, like the march of time, Amani made her way down the corridor and made peace with her God.
It was almost like an afterthought. I didn’t think I could bury the lead any deeper. When it was ready, I sent the message. This was the reply I got. It was from an automod bot.
“What? Why not?” Brian had nary an inkling of why his father would object to a funhouse.
Nightmares plagued me every night, despite my fame, despite my success. Images of blood, torture and disease swirled around my mind and were stamped behind my eyes. Sometimes, the smell of a roasted chicken or hamburger remind me of the stench of Khawlah’s arm, as Amani had described it. Is vicarious PTSD a real thing? I don’t really know. I don’t believe in therapy so I’ve never been diagnosed.
They rounded the corner into Mildred’s room to find her missing.
I wanted to hit him. Instead I just yelled, told him that this was too much. That I wasn’t going to have him selling me like his personal property, like a slave. He shrugged, seeming not to care about my anger, my hurt.
Snip, snip, snip.

I lived in constant fear for the first 2/3rds of 2014.
“Fine,” I answered. “I’ll give it a try.” Dennis smiled.
The stuff they gave me was better than anything a doctor could prescribe though. I drifted off in no time.
I awoke in an empty hallway. Once again shrouded in darkness, and in complete silence. I breathed only through my nose to keep as quiet as possible as i stood up and dusted myself off. The walls of the hallway were pure gray, no texture, no definition. Just pure gray. They seemed to stretch on forever ahead of me, and there was a blank wall behind me. So i started treading down the hall softly, staying as quiet as i could, making sure i could hear if anything was going to come at me. As i continued walking down the blank gray halls, i noticed things began to change. The walls slowly were gaining texture, though it looked pixelated at first. But as i continued onward they became more solid and life-like. They stayed gray but became faded, and rustic with brown spots of rust and grime here and there. I gulped the wad of saliva forming in my mouth down and continued quietly making my way through the endless ever-changing hallway.
When I got the first one, I was literally seconds away from stepping onto the plane when a call from “UNKNOWN” blared from my cell phone. It was a ringtone I hadn’t heard before, one I was pretty sure hadn’t come with the phone.
Oak Street snakes up into the mountains west of the city. River Park is on the northern edge of the city, almost fifteen miles away.
“Is this what you want to play?” Tracer’s voice asked as the level started. I had full control, like I normally would have, and Tracer handled the same way she would have in Overwatch. She gunned down the alien armies of that old game like she’d always been a part of it.
I let her snuggle into me and we settle in like that for a little while. Halfway through my popcorn bowl, she starts to eye it. She would look from me to the bowl and then back again. She lets out an irritated grunt and furrows her brow; looking towards my bowl. Smiling and thankful to have her, I let her have a piece.
As much as I hated him, in a way I wanted to tell him not to go. In a way I was actually scared for him, worried about what might happen. He was a bastard but he was my brother. But I kept my mouth shut and let him go off with Ms Kismet, waiting for his return.
I try to be a good neighbor and give people some tolerance.
“The thing that will kill you is sharpening its teeth.”
In spite of my preparations, I did not see the person at all during my nightly locking routine the following week. After several days I began to assume that they had been scared off by the police and began to relax a little. I moved the shotgun from directly next to my bed to a shelf in the closet and managed to finish my program before the contract deadline.
Wouldn’t want to ruin your fun, and I, too, get some form of twisted satisfaction out of it by knowing that you will always have to come back for more.
Murder? I stared dumbfounded at the screen, and Tracer held her hands up.
I pushed through. This story had to be told. After a few minutes of tense silence following the conclusion of the story I stood, shook her hand and left. An unspoken agreement between us ensured that we both understood that pleasantries and farewells were not necessary. We had shared something too profound for those.
I lost my tongue that year.
“Please step out of the car and come with us, sir.” The man knocking on the glass said. The other one lowered his gun slightly, and gave me a look as if to say that it was okay. “We don’t want to use force, but we have been authorized to if you do not comply.”
She didn’t take too kindly to that.
Kent reluctantly sat down at the table which, to his surprise, was absent a crystal ball.
A loud shot rang through the air.
I pulled it out from beneath the couch. It seemed so strange, such a large mass of hair.
“I’m actually quite fond of that description.”
Static….error
The pupils were extremely dilated and they were always directly centered on mine. There were no other facial features in the image; just eyes. The most unsettling thing about them was that they were perfectly circular. They almost didn’t look human. They appeared human, but no one’s eyes are that geometrically flawless. After several days of seeing this single image occur in my mind more and more often, that is when I could ignore it no more. I began scheduling appointments with all sorts of doctors and specialists. I even tried therapy for the first time. Nothing worked.
For years after her departure everything was great, Emma was doing really well at school and had became Howard’s life. He worshipped her and showered her with love and gifts as he had once done with burn in hell Brenda.

Mark recoiled a bit.  “What did you say to me?”
Jake awoke in the night, hungry and needing to use the bathroom.  He walked past his parents’ room on the way to the toilet, and saw his dad asleep in their bed, still wearing his day clothes.  His mom wasn’t there.  Jake went into the kitchen, where he saw his mother slumped in a chair, leaning on top of the table, lightly snoring.  Jake stood there for a minute, feeling a multitude of emotions that he didn’t know how to process, and quietly started to cry again.

“So, I’ll see you at lunch?” asked Riley.
[embedyt] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZGHu1yX5b0[/embedyt]
“Yes honey, I’m here.”
I couldn’t allow it, as I feared my mind and spirit would simply break apart.
I pulled out the knife which I had arranged for the guard to have waiting for me. This particular one was more than happy to help me find my peace. With wide eyes, and an animalistic scream, I drove the blade through his chest, and then through his torso twelve more times. The blood poured from him in streams, coating the floor with its red, sticky stain.
In the sixth month of her pregnancy, Amber’s dream finally allowed her to see that a little girl was being exhibited on the stage…a little girl who had a much tinier half-formed body – two arms, a torso and two legs – hanging from her side, her clothes had even been tailor-made to fit her odd anatomy. Amber instantly recognized her as the little girl from the photo in the thrift store box – the doll’s original owner. As soon as Amber looked upon her, the girl stared back – her gaze was fiery and unforgiving. Seemingly oblivious to the rest of the crowd, she pointed at Amber’s belly with all four of her arms and sang the word “Mommy.”
One day, though, Adam came back from a hunt wearing a coonskin cap. He didn’t take that with him. He told us he found it far off in the hills. There’s a lot of hunting out there, so that wasn’t particularly strange. Plus, participants are told they can use anything they find. But what was strange was he came back from the same hunt with something, some type of meat we couldn’t readily discern on camera. He had already butchered it and skinned it, so the most could figure was maybe it was a portion of moose thigh, a large feral hog, or something of that sort, though taking those down with nothing but a hatchet would be difficult. By the time we saw it on tape and came back to camp and asked questions, he had eaten it all and discarded the rest in the river, he told us.
My world has been dark this past week.
“Here,” Chris said. “I have something to show you.”
“Hey, you!” Shawn nearly jumped out of his skin at the sound, dropping his wallet onto the floor. It was Riley at the doorway. He smiled and stood, reaching a hand to wipe a tear he just noticed was there.
“I’m sorry, but that’s all I can tell you. Your lines speak few words.”
She leaned in for a quick kiss.
“Special how?” I asked. My heart was racing as the reality of my situation was dawning on me. I could really have Tracer’s heart! She could be mine, just like I’d always wanted!
“Know how to use it?” the man asked, then gave Kent a short lesson when he didn’t respond quickly enough.
According to footage, at around 1:40 AM a sudden scream came from just outside of camp, accompanied by violent rustling in the direction of some heavy brush. Timothy sprang up from where he was sitting in his shelter and grabbed his flashlight in his other hand and rushed toward the entrance, leaving his emergency satellite phone behind.
The subject of my brother’s short films and mini-documentaries had become increasingly dark and surreal over the years. He would create short, strange and frightening little pieces designed only to unsettle and scare. Or sometimes just ones that were so bizarre, so utterly devoid of plot, logic or reason that it was impossible to tell what, if anything, he was trying to achieve or convey with them.
As I walked into the small shack I realized it wasn’t small at all. Passing through the door, there was a panel on the wall. This was just an elevator. The agents stood in front of me in the lift as one hit the button. Slowly, we descended down into the depths.
Shockingly, whoever they are, they didn’t call the police. So I just dealt with the noise until 1 am, when it finally stopped for good. I messaged my coworkers something about my asshole neighbor and possibly being in late (the timestamp on the message would explain everything) and then I threw myself into bed and fell right asleep.
“Mission Control, this is Daedalus, do you read?”  There was no reply, and after a few minutes, he tried again.  “Mission Control…this is Daedalus…do you read?”
Reported by: CFA Basic Data Collector Salma Chakroun
After Tobias’ death, Gemma started showing her odd little child – children – off to circuses and even museums, Amber recognized the large stone building from her dreams as the Smithsonian. Throughout the duration of her childhood, Opal and Pearl were touted around the county being mocked by crowds or laughed at or feared. Gemma, raking in the cash, didn’t seem moved by her daughter’s unhappiness. Aside from tailor-making the misshapen little doll for her, Gemma showed little love for the being which she had birthed.
Coco: It’s fine.
“Brian! Are you okay?!” Kent had a rush of adrenaline. He could surely climb through the window this time.
Sarah-Beth shot up like a toad on a hot plate, draggin’ me along with her. Pieces of her hair were still all matted to her head. I didn’t want to follow; I knew I shouldn’t. Daddy had said not to look, and I knew that. I knew not to look, but Sarah-Beth took me outside, ‘round the corner and to the open window. We crouched under the windowsill. She pointed up and over, lookin’ like she was about to cry again. I shouldn’t have, but I did. I saw in the room. I saw Daddy sleepin in bed, sleepin’ with a pig in one of Momma’s old dresses. I didn’t want to see anymore, but I couldn’t stop starin’ ‘til Sarah-Beth yanked me down back under the window.
Snip snip snip.
He hovered over her, his whole body soaking wet as the greenish lake plants soiled her bed. She gasped for breath under his huge hand that covered her lower face.
Shawn threw together his mother’s recipe for Manicotti. He ate it slowly. He was still playing out what possible scenario might occur after they were done. Riley had removed her blouse and now sat across him in a white tank top. She stated that it was warm which struck Shawn as odd; he liked to keep it cool in the house.
 CREDIT : Jill Waltham
That brings me to now. I’m lost. Lost in the woods. Completely isolated, but I’m not sure which idea is scarier. Am I on my own, or is she following me? I’m not going to last much longer out here. Now, please listen. I want to tell you something a wise man once told me.
Remus lifted his hand and grabbed onto the back of Chris’s head, clumps of hair sticking out between his strong fingers. We stood up, and in one violent motion, he slammed Chris’s head into the hood of the car. I didn’t say anything, I was completely stunned. Again Remus lifted Chris’s head and smashed it into the red metal. Thump!

“Have a look,” he pointed to her, stepping out of the way.
“In the trees!” I screamed. Someone shined a flashlight along the tree line. When the light connected with the creature, it quickly took off into the inky dark. In that short period of time, however, I managed to see the thing that had been stalking us. It was a girl that couldn’t have been any older than the guests at the party. She had light, matted hair, and the pale skin on her face was stitched into a fake smile and sewn into fabric on her neck. The sweatshirt she wore barely covered what appeared to be small razors where her hands should have been. Worst of all, however, were her eyes. They were totally white and void of life, almost corpse-like.
I exited my apartment as fast as possible – taking hours in my time-frame to do so. I didn’t even bother locking the door. It would have taken too long.
You look around again, making sure that you aren’t going crazy. But sure enough, they’re gone.
“Thanks for that lovely image, mommy.”
That set me off. Was someone locking the doors as I progressed? There was no way. I would have heard them. Was it a mechanical lock that set automatically? Maybe. But I was too scared to really think. I turned back to the room and the shadows were gone. The chair’s shadow remained, but the others were gone. I slowly began to walk. I used to hallucinate when I was a kid, so I wrote off the shadows as a figment of my imagination. I began to feel better as I made it to the halfway point of the room. I looked down as I took my steps and that’s when I saw it.
We followed Chris outside and on his driveway next to ours was a car! It wasn’t anything fancy, a bright red Fiesta with a dent in the driver’s side door.
There was a pattern.
I felt like I would cry. I wanted to tell him he was wrong, to go to hell. I wanted to storm out and never see or talk to him again. But part of me kept telling me that he was right, that I was everything he said I was. A loser, an idiot without any skills or good qualities about me. A stupid, pathetic child who wouldn’t survive without him.
I drafted a message to SpriteShark. I framed it as just me trying to be friendly, and thank him or her for all the work they’d done. Just basic fanmail. A compliment. I wouldn’t even ask the question. ‘It’s funny because my name is Jeremy too, haha!’
“It’s an art, truly. Suffering for suffering’s sake. But, not just suffering. See…” he trailed off and stared into space searching for the words. “It’s archetypal. I’m sculpting a masterpiece with my hands, battering clay into meaningful form. I’m laying brushstrokes on a canvas. I’m putting words in their order, balancing and refining them to make beauty. It’s what you do all the time, I imagine, in your profession.”
And that smell…. it was like something burning…like flesh… and the blood..

There’s also the chance that I don’t succeed. If the man makes it past all my traps, and somehow manages to disarm me, then I know there is no way I can outfight him. I don’t know what his full intentions are, but that’s part of the game.
Julie quieted down a bit but still sobbed under her breath. Keaton huffed and caught his breath and shook his head.
Shawn then realized that it wasn’t just the doctor cracking up, but also Riley and the other nurses at the reception desk. Shawn blushed with equal parts embarrassment and confusion. He could hear the doctor in the room quietly speaking to the old woman, who had finally stopped her rant, before he re-emerged into the hallway.
Kent grabbed him by his vest and slammed him against the door. “You’re crazy if you think I’m afraid of you,” he grunted into the man’s face, then turned and threw him down the porch steps. He charged through the door and darted around the house, opening every cabinet and closet and flipping every table looking for his son. It didn’t take long to register—there was no one else there.
“Oh good, you’re awake. I was starting to get worried.” It was my mother’s voice, soft and soothing, just as it had always been since childhood.
“Hey, Linda…” Jake’s father started.
“So… what else do you know, Mr. Brown?”
The envelope was plain, white, like any you’d get at a post office. It had no stamps or writing on it. I could feel the little lumps in it as soon as I picked it up, could see the outline on the stark paper. I took it upstairs to the kitchen table – cluttered as it was with missing person posters I’d been putting up myself – and opened it, and watched them tumble out onto the cheap Formica.
Jake continued eating his bacon, aware that the mood had turned somber since he arrived.  His mother continued to cook, and his father was still drinking coffee, but it was otherwise silent in the kitchen.
After about half an hour I left Dave to his drug-daydreams. I took Ginger home in the carrier as she was even more crazed then she’d been when I first brought her. I let Ginger out of the carrier when I got home, locking her in my room until she calmed down again. At first she wouldn’t even leave the carrier, but once she realized where she was, she bolted under my bed. She stayed there all day, making low growling noises and hissing at nothing. Little did I know, this was the very beginning of the end of humanity.

“Are you hairy all over?” the left head asks.
“Nonsense. What are you afraid of?” inquired a wispy voice from behind a round table.
Julian: Well, no one else would take this job.
That man did his homework. He knew how to hide such things. But, just when the effort was losing steam, a breakthrough occurred in the bowels of the US intelligence community. I don’t know how they did it, though it had something to do with the counterintelligence work being done on the Deep Web, but Sayyid was caught and flown to a CIA blacksite and then to Guantanamo.
The ham radio crackled.
Better than the drinking days – no blood. I flushed it away and went to make a phone call.
Most of our chores were keepin’ care of the pigs. So, once that was done, me and Sarah-Beth could do whatever we wanted until dinner. I always liked playing inside and was good at convincin’ Sarah-Beth to play what I wanted.
See you soon.
“Long time. She never learned like you did, baby girl.”
“It’s fine!  Everything’s okay!” Roger said, stopping as well and dropping his hands to his side.  The smile was still plastered on his face.  “Just had a bit of trouble with the meat.”
As it turned out, Mark only had four more miles until he found The Silver Line.
I couldn’t pull away from its gaze. It was draped in moth eaten rags, haplessly patched together, and on its head, in a nest of tangled strands of cobwebs that barely passed as hair, lay a crown on chained daisies, just like Daddy used to draw. It reminded me of someone I used to know. Someone who used to kiss my head at night and tell me they loved me. Someone who didn’t snarl with teeth nesting in bleeding gums. Someone who looked like my sister. Someone who never used to scare me. We stayed like that for a long time, neither of us movin’ a single muscle. I thought at any minute, it would… Well I didn’t know what it would do to us, and I never figured out because after a while it just walked away. Walked away with baby Junie into the woods that was fillin’ up with the evening mist.
I raised the knife and brought it down before I could think properly. Destiny screamed and lurched forward. The knife was torn out of her body. I stumbled after her as she tried to put some distance between us.
I tried surfing the Internet (my GOD it takes a long time for computers to boot these days) but it was too frustratingly slow. Hours (seemingly) to load each new page, and a fraction of a second to read it. A hundred articles in my news feed read and just three more minutes done.
“It is that time of year… Anyway, are you still up for lunch?”
Billy sat still for a moment and then shook his head no. Keaton looked back at me and shrugged matter of factly.
“I… I do?”
It used Debbie and Randall’s remains as some kind of fertilization pod. They’ve got these huge spores all over their bodies. I watched as some began to hatch. (there’s a loud bang at door, then a heart wrenching scratching sound. You can hear the fear in the Captain’s voice) Shit, it’s at the door. I set explosives throughout the ship. I’m not dying alone. I’m taking these fucking things with me. When you get this transmission, every crew member aboard Boson Fleet Nova will be dead. Do not send a rescue team. (bang)
“Right,” I sighed, irritated.
“What did you do?”
“Computer, what are those things outside this room?” Mason pressed. “Why are they here? What do they want from me?” He was beginning to become unstable, unhinged even. The entire facade of his life was falling all around him and the protective curtains enveloping his idea of normalcy has been engulfed in flames.
“Now… What I want you to do, is cut like this. You can be merciful. I promise, it’ll be easier that way. We mostly need the blood.”
As the doors open, you hastily get inside and press the button for your floor.
What do you think she’ll do to you? Wrap the chains around your head and pull until your skull splits? Gouge out your eyes? Cut out your tongue? Slice off your ears? Burn you alive, knowing that you can’t move? That and more, my dear. You take the term “unimaginable torture” too lightly until you fall asleep. If you think she’ll lash you with chains, she’ll do so only after she’s laid them in fire and stuck railroad spikes in your back. If you think she’ll burn you, she’ll tear open your torso, pour gasoline into the wound and then light the match.
“And you want to recruit me?”

I dropped the flaps of skin that I was holding and stood up. I shook my head. No, I thought, that’s ridiculous. I knew that I had a headlamp around somewhere, so I went looking for it. I pulled open a drawer and that’s when everything became silent.
I chose not to look out the window for a while. I figured, ‘If I stop giving them attention, maybe they’ll go away.’ It had been five weeks and I could tell my girlfriend was growing more and more upset that I was not ‘feeling better’. We barely spoke anymore. We shared a bed, but I never slept. She was so stressed out about having to work more to take care of me that I could tell she was on the edge of packing everything up and leaving. I couldn’t blame her, but the last thing I wanted was to be alone. After a week of avoiding windows, I took a peek out of one and found no one around.

“Yeah, but… she’s not real…” I was also pretty sure she was only 11 in the show.
This is what was written on it:
There he was. My father. He had gone through the windshield and the glass impaled his chest and throat. His eyes were rolled upwards and blood was everywhere from the wounds and even stained the glass and his clothes. His glasses were broken and bent out of place, his hair matted with blood and tiny bits of glass from the windshield. I wanted to cry, but my eyes scanned his lifeless body and my mother was in no better shape but I could hear her still gasping for air. She was alive! With haste, I sprinted to her side and threw open the passenger side door and stared at her slouched over the console and glove box, her neck was broken out of place and blood was running down her mouth and some branches were in her arms and sides. It looked like she was trying to tell me something but she couldn’t speak properly, all she could do was choke on her own blood, look at me with her eyes and then went lifeless.
“God don’t like little girls who don’t obey, Sarah-Beth. Sends ‘em right to hell!” he hit her face on the Good Book so rough that the glass underneath cracked and splintered all over the tight knit rug below. “You wanna go to hell?”
“Jeremy!” she cried, and she reached out to me one last time. That lurch of movement brought the screen closer to the edge of the desk, and the immense weight coming out of the front proved too much. My screen tipped over, falling onto the floor and bringing ‘Tracer’ down with it. I heard it bellow in rage before I turned and ran, stumbling over my feet as I burst out of my apartment and into the hallway, screaming and crying like a madman.
I looked to Remus, and he stared back with a huge grin upon his face. I glared at him and frantically kicked out and swept my arm through the water to try and get to the surface. Remus didn’t move. He just smiled at me. The next thing I remember is waking up as a lifeguard breathed into my mouth, the taste of chlorine was strong and it gargled in the back of my throat before I vomited. The lifeguard, a young man in his late teens, looked at us in disgust and rushed away into the bathroom. I have never forgotten that moment.
I didn’t question why he was doing this, but instead seized the opportunity. He was at his most vulnerable.
“So, Luke… who am I?”
With this, I just want someone to know that I existed. I just want someone to remember that I, too, was someone at some point. I was complete.


Yet before she could even touch his face, what she saw appalled her. There are weeds inside his mouth, and they looked sticky and covered with… saliva.
When the surgery ended the subject looked at the surgeon and began to wheeze loudly, attempting to talk while struggling. Assuming this must be something of drastic importance the surgeon had a pen and pad fetched so the patient could write his message. It was simple. “Keep cutting.”

“Hey, Ted, I’m going to head back to my place. Just knock if you need anything.”
At dusk, I got another call from Dale.
“I don’t think you fucking understand me right now. This thing is on the damn road. I don’t think they’ll get through.”
Roger stood for a minute, seeming to look Mark over, and then stepped forward, somehow making the three-foot journey into a relaxed stroll.  He leaned forward with his elbows on the bar, right in front of Mark.  “How about you just calm the fuck down, friend.”
“What?” she asked, wiping her eyes.
Since the beginning of the nuclear age, the threat of mutual destruction has been the only thing keeping the peace between nations…supposedly.  It now seemed, however, that the world was evolving into a different place with a different mindset.  There were countries in the world with egomaniacal leaders who cared more about power than their citizens and some who were even worse; some that cared only for destruction.  There were factions of generational wealthy who funneled ungodly amounts of money into creating propaganda, distrust, riots and eventually…war.  To these people war equals money.  They just don’t seem to understand that the world has the capacity for only one more war.  At the very bottom of the pyramid was the majority of the planet’s seven and a half billion people…and those people were completely terrified; wanting nothing more than peace.
But even then as a kid, I thought what was happening to you was unfair.
She stared at me in silence, her dark eyes searching my face.
That’s the worst part, the part I almost can’t handle. The thing comes to me, masquerading as Amy. Its recreation is perfect. It sounds exactly like Amy, feels exactly like her. It even produces a reasonable facsimile of tears that it makes me feel on its lifelike cheeks. When it first dragged me here, it told me all the things I wanted to hear. It told me that she loved me, that she had always loved me, that it didn’t understand why I did this, that we could still have a life together, if only I would stop insisting that I was being deceived. It wanted me to believe… no, it needed me to believe that she was real.
Down the stairs (it’s faster than the elevator if you run), through the lobby, out the front door and onto the street. These few things felt like a long day at the office.
“But don’t worry. I’m sure there are plenty of job opportunities for ugly, witless, talentless little things who barely made it through high school with no real skills or likable qualities.
“Jesus Christ.”
“What? Brian, that’s fine. I don’t care. Now you know I’m on the eleventh floor.”
“Amy, I dare you to make out with Billy for thirty seconds.”
I raggedly placed Half-and-half on the bed first, and then crawled over him to get in bed myself, where I trembled in silence, ignoring the coils of pain in my skull from the developing migraine. Even with the radio unplugged, I could still perceive the wails of a seething woman coming from an unidentifiable source. It was as quiet as a whisper in my ears. Pulling the covers up to the sides of my head, I tried to take a breath deeper than the tiny gasps I had been settling for up until that point. I could still sense the observer’s prying eyes transfixed on the back on my skull, see its dangling, pale digits over the night stand where my alarm clock had once been, and feel the steady dripping against my mattress. Stifled tears flowed down the contours of my face, and while I made certain to keep my eyes sealed tightly shut, I knew the observer continued to peer at me unceasingly.
I froze.
Jimmy stood there thinking about his conversation with Sal the other day. “Hmm, That seems normal enough to me. Doesn’t Kevin have a girlfriend who lives out of town? He’s probably just shacked up with her.”
Coco: I don’t know why they put me as a co-host immediately, doesn’t this job require training?
“It’s cool, check out these photos! I think some of them are from Coney Island back in its heyday.”

Even if his field of study was not my own, he continued to echo my life in every way that counted. A brilliant scholar who reached the top of his class early and stayed there for all four years, he earned distinctions and accolades the way that lesser students earned demerits and police reports. By the time he was done with his junior year, he had all of the subject-area credits he needed to graduate, and had taken most of the available electives besides.
I pounded on the walls screaming as the box i was in slowly shrank. It became tighter and tighter, and got so hard to breathe. My vision blurred and i collapsed to my knees, then blacked out once again.
Flossing, brushing.
They both started giggling and that sealed the deal, they were going to go to the store. It was pretty remarkable that they got along so well, especially since Amber liked so few people. She had been called cold and callous; attention-seeking and argumentative – a user. Jaxson’s aunt had even suggested that she was a sociopath which Amber regarded as a compliment even though she was fairly certain that it had been meant as an insult.
I was done. After what I had just experienced, I knew there wasn’t anything else this fucking house could throw at me that I couldn’t live through. There was nothing short of the fires of Hell that I wasn’t ready for. Unfortunately, I underestimated the abilities of NoEnd House. Unfortunately, things got more disturbing, more terrifying, and more unspeakable in room eight.
I could feel the weight of the car shift as Peter pulled over to the side of the road. The next sound I heard was one of the worst I’d ever heard; the sound of the cop car passing us. The disappointment and the hopelessness I felt in that moment…indescribable. I realized that police car was more than likely a random patrol car, unrelated to our fruitless emergency call.
He stood. “On that note, you have a decision to make. I need two volunteers otherwise I’m taking the lot of you. Sort it out amongst yourselves. Decisions of that sort pain me so.”
Not just a pair but a mass of them, sprawling around like snakes. small hands, large hands, malformed hands. They wandered around and interlinked on slender limbs, several of them helping to keep the coat propped apart. Between the constantly opening and closing gaps, she could see eyes. Many eyes. Blinking with each shift. They were all of different colors, a rainbow of lenses peering out at her. The hands began to twist and grab at each other, exposing a few patches of grey flesh around the calves. Several of the hands then began to reach out splayed in anticipation. Invitation. Seduction.
“Fuck you,” I replied.
She tried to push his face away with her hands. Her fingernails clawed at his face, peeling off decayed flesh, while his slimy, sticky tongue forced its way into hers. A kiss so passionate it nearly killed her.


“No!” his mother yelled, spinning around and facing them, the fork in her hand pointed accusingly towards Jake.  “We haven’t had anything to eat for days, and you can’t just be happy that there’s food here?  You have no idea what we had to do for this!  NO IDEA!”
It took a while before I could recover enough to look again. I was shaky, my muscles weak from exhaustion and nausea. Trembling, I drew back enough of the curtain that I could see my neighbor’s garage. He was bent over the saw, running thick slabs of what seemed to be wood through it. My neighbor’s body was gone. I didn’t recall there being wood in his garage earlier.
The sight of long black hairs sticking out my sleeves steals my breath. I roll my sleeves back. It’s doubled in thickness. I can’t see the skin of my arms. From my head hangs a dark curtain of hair—all the way to my knees.
Then the next-door neighbor – the one with a young kid – went over.
I sighed deeply as reality returned and fear faded. God, I’d been so ridiculous. Of course it was Amy! That day wasn’t anywhere in the world except in my memory. I’d never even mentioned it to anyone, not out of embarrassment, but out of a strange secret nostalgia and a longing for those days to return. If there was some unknown force at work trying to trick me, as I feared, there was no way they could know about that day.
It was black, like it was scorched into the wood, but smooth to the touch. A depiction of a rudimentary set of scales, like a symbol, and under it one word, or a string of letters:
I slogged back to the couch and collapsed onto it in a slow-motion fall that reminded me of the low-gravity hops of astronauts on the moon. I opened Moby Dick (slowly) and began reading. I started with Call me Ishmael and got as far as Ahab throwing his pipe into the sea (which was all the way to friggin chapter thirty) before they called me back.
It started in his teens. Verbal abuse and the occasional slap any time that I didn’t do something right or quickly enough for his liking. I should have stood up to him, told him to get lost. But I found myself totally under his thumb, unable to say no or simply get him out of my life. To be honest, looking back, I can see just how unhealthy the whole thing was.
If you’ve read everything up until now, then that’s more than enough and I don’t wish to take any more of your time.
Static….
I cautiously went to look out of my front door, to see if there was any way I could make it to my car, and it there it was, at the front door. When I peered out of the back door, it was there too. No matter what I did or how quickly I ran around my house, it was always faster and always seemed to know where I would be.
What I do have is this: Sixteen people were reported missing after the screaming stopped, including Georgina Hicks. I didn’t hear many of the voices myself, but that one I heard downtown, I’m pretty sure I know who that was. His name was Jason Bellforte and he was nobody. I’d spoken to him twice in my time in the town, once as a witness and once when he was arrested for having a pound of pot hidden under the seat of his truck when he was stopped for speeding. Jason was a local drug dealer. Nobody knew when he had come into town or where he had come from and nobody expected him to stay. Jason Belleforte was a man destined to disappear. Either something from his past would catch up to him or he would go running after something else. It could have been a coincidence that he disappeared on the same day that we heard the screams. It could have been that he heard those same screams and decided that now was as good a time as any to move on. But that voice. That whiny, shrill scream of pain and surprise. That sounded like Jason Belleforte. Jason, Georgina Hicks and the others…they were people with no one. People one step away from already being forgotten. I don’t know what caused it. I don’t know where they went. I just know that something pushed them that final step.
“If she kicks, break her legs,” said Keaton.
I didn’t need to think. If I had taken a moment to think, who knows what would have happened. I threw Sarah-Beth in the barn and followed after her, making sure to shut that old wooden door as soft as I could manage.
“This man needs medical attention.”
Coco: For being the only semi-normal thing I’ve met in this town in the past week.
At the time, it was true that I didn’t drink.
Something I was quick to notice was that there wasn’t any blood at all. None that I could see, at least.
I ignore her and lift my plate in front of lunch lady Saunders, whose starched white outfit and square glasses seem too big for her frail old body.
“Whatever you can tell me, I’d like to hear,” I said. “It doesn’t have to be about my love life or anything.”
“Woman?”
“I’m not seeing a doctor. And you better not tell anyone about—”
After flushing a wad of tear-soaked tissue, I sit on the toilet and try to tell my sister about what I saw. My body is trembling and the skin on the back of my neck is still crawling. I’m scared to look at the reflection of my hair in the mirror, so I stay in the stall.
“Oh… Don’t worry. She won’t be back. It’s just us here. Promise.”
I put on my shoes, got a jacket, and put my cellphone in my pocket. Then I went over.
I watched Katie’s terrified face transform into red and white patches and felt her skin radiate heat. I held her tightly as she shook uncontrollably, teeth chattering so much that she couldn’t speak. Not Katie, not Katie, not Katie, please God… not Katie… Her rasping breath grew louder and louder, and something in her face changed, like she could see death coming for her.
I pointed to the body. “Just look,” I said.
He said it in menacing voice and chuckled afterwards, then he walked away and disappeared from sight into the bathroom. I looked at the key in my hand with a red tag that read, “106.” I took a look to the left, then the right and found that the room was the last on the right, next to where the secret passage was. I walked over to the room and opened the door with the key then quickly entered and shut the door behind me.
“Now, hang on,” said Keaton. “Hold up.” He paused to blow a bubble. The bubble popped and he licked the excess gum off of his lips.
And then she stopped, her words cutting off. A little squeak of pain came from her as if someone had grabbed her by the throat.
“Haha, alright, I’ll explain everything,” I told her. “Be right there.”

“Okay,” I said, unsure of what was happening. “Not a problem. So what? You have a removable face. Who cares? It looks good.”
Every night I go around my entire house precisely seven times. I have a front door, back door and a door that leads out into my garage. They all have large glass panes in the center, which allows me to look outside while I lock them. My method for checking the doors is to first look at the lock, ensuring that it is in the correct position, and then trying to open the door three times, pressing down on the handle to make sure that it doesn’t budge. After I check each of them in this manner seven times, I can finally be sure that every entrance is safely locked and that nobody can access my home from outside.
“There’s nothing I can do.”
With the letter were five $100 bills.
Chapter 1
“Oh well that makes it perfectly okay then! And while you were selling me off to this total stranger did it occur to you to ask what I thought about it? To ask for my consent, my opinion on whether or not I want to have to spend a night with some woman who for all we know makes a hobby out of making snuff movies?”
Coco: Can you please not say that in the past tense?
“Teddy,” she called from above, “you’ve been a bad boy. You won’t be looking at Angie anymore, though. I’ve seen to that. Just like your father, you are. I had to teach him a lesson, too.”
“Moreen? Moreen! Are you still there?” I could hear her breathing.


I woke up in pitch dark. I wasn’t sure why so I froze and listened to the room.
The next two days passed without incident.  His parents fought.  There wasn’t any food left.  Jake tried to fit himself into the unseen cracks of their new life.
“Where are you? Our other Cognizants have reports of these things falling near them as well,” Ronald said. I could hear the fear in his voice. This might be where it all ends. “Where are you now?”
It all stopped. I opened my eyes. There was nothing, no one, except a few students staring at me beside their car. I got into my mine without looking at them again, started and drove out of there. My knuckles were bone white, tight against the steering wheel.
My heart slowed and I let a relieved sigh leave me as I entered. The room looked like a normal hotel lobby decorated for Halloween. A sign was posted in place of a worker. It read, “Room 1 this way. Eight more follow. Reach the end and you win!” I chuckled and made my way to the first door.
My eyes instinctively tracked his hand and settled on the stack of uncut tile. The color was hideous. A fleshy pink interspersed with patches of darker red and an occasional straight line or knob of white. There was something disturbingly fascinating about the tile and I stared intently at it, trying to comprehend why its appearance seemed so familiar.
Hair with a piece of scalp still attached.
She didn’t reply. Opting to simply giggle. I heard the door open and close. I was alone once more. Alone in the truest sense of the word. I felt numb. I didn’t want to believe it, but the more I thought about it, the more sense it made. I might have even done something similar to him if our positions were reversed. I wondered how long the two of them had been together. Did it happen after the crash? Or perhaps had been going on for long before it? It hardly mattered, really. My emotions were a void of emptiness that I expected to soon fill with familiar despair. In the absence of the little flickering hope that I had been cheated out of, I was certain that everything would seem darker than ever. However, it was not despair that filled that void.
I thought about my slow-motion flop onto the waiting room couch. Even if my muscles had slowed down, my body would still react to gravity the same way. But in the waiting room, I even fell in slow motion. Slow muscles couldn’t explain why gravity seemed weaker. My brain was going at warp ten. That’s how I managed to read three magazines and the first thirty chapters of Moby Dick in fifteen minutes.
I began to pick up my pace. The roads were still busy, so I wasn’t afraid I would be assaulted there in the streets, but if someone was following me I didn’t want to lead them back to where I lived. A few blocks from my apartment was a crosswalk, the only one I needed to cross to get home, so I knew if I could beat him across there then I would easily be able to lose him.
My bedroom door began to slowly open. After a few seconds the trap reached its trigger point, and the hammer released. What I didn’t hear, however, was the sound of a hammer connecting with flesh. It was a dud.
Laura’s entire body vibrated with involuntary shaking, a physical reaction to the trauma of having her eyes open and not seeing anything but the assortment of flashing spots, over and over again.  At the periphery there seemed to be some acuity but if she shifted her gaze to any area she thought she might have taken in a small bit of Dimitri’s movements, it was filled with the disruptive optical echo.  In the thousands of times she had been required to spend extended time in the tiny, cramped spaces that being an astronaut required, she had never once experienced any claustrophobia and now, without warning, Laura was overwhelmed with the sensation of being trapped…in her own body.
Now, here’s the twist. If you do pass it on, you die. Now, I know most of you, given this particular set of choices, would choose to leave the picture be. But allow me to elaborate upon what happens when you don’t pass this picture on to someone else. If you leave it alone after seeing it, you’ll have nightmares. I know… I know… bad dreams don’t sound so bad when compared to the alternative. But trust me… it gets worse.
I got to the edge of town, little over a mile to go when one of those things fell from the sky right in front of me. I didn’t see it coming until it was too late, but it’s front left foot landed right on the hood of my car, I got jolted forward and hit my head on the steering wheel.
“What do you mean?”
“Hi! Is everything okay? When you called you sounded… off. Didn’t you work overnight? You must be exhausted! What are you doing up?”
We cruised along the mostly empty streets, out of the town, and to a local reservoir where we finally got out and sat on the hood of the car talking about the night.
Jake wasn’t too young to realize how strange it was to have snow this close to the end of summer.  He had known this on his own, but it was confirmed when he overheard his dad on the phone the day before saying that it was, “fucking unnatural.”  Jake’s mother had seen Jake listening and told his dad to watch his language, but Jake’s dad didn’t like that, and they had spent the rest of the day yelling at each other.  This wasn’t out of the ordinary (not “fucking unnatural,” Jake thought,) but they had seemed more easily angered since the snow had started.  Jake didn’t have the vocabulary to describe how it was different now, but he was very in tune with his parents’ emotional barometers, and he was happy to spend his time sitting in the living room and looking out the window.
Shawn didn’t want to explain to Riley that he had pictures of Chloe and other personal items in the room he wasn’t sure he wanted her to see. Instead he decided to make an excuse something along the lines of the bed was unmade but before he could, she said playfully, “That’s alright. Maybe you can show it to me after dinner.”
Was this my permanent location until I died? No, there had to be a way out! I wasn’t just going to be left here, right? Eventually, someone would notice that I was gone!
“What’s on those tapes ain’t no illegal little thrill for some gore hound trying to find himself a real life snuff movie.
* * * * * *
He jumped off the hood of the car and fuddled about for something in the backseat, and then pulled it out: a bra!
Then over the radio, I heard Henrietta say my name and I shouted and broke for the stairs. She exclaimed back at me, but I was in a dead panicked sprint back from where I came. I can’t quite remember how long it took, but eventually, Norman and Jamal ran into me as I turned a corner into a hallway junction. I was exhaustedly paranoid and anxious to the point where I was unresponsive and incoherent. They took me back to the Aurora, and after some calming down I explained what I had experienced to my supervisor. What made this all confusing was that he explained to me that there were no further radio cuts after Henrietta was sent to diagnose the problem. Furthermore, he was puzzled with my description of the tenth bunk section, saying there were only nine listed bunk sections in the station manuscript. I was stunned and at a loss to explain myself. Then I remembered the data I had recovered from the log computer drives.
Kent ran over to protect his son from the inappropriately sarcastic man, but Brian was fine so he let it go.
I usually like to watch TV with my little sister, Kimberly. She was only five, so of course, she watched all the cutesy kids’ shows. I didn’t really mind, though. They made her happy and I liked spending time with her. She watched shows like Dora, Blue’s Clues, and Arthur. We often had a lot of DVDs of old kids’ shows around the house that we would watch. There was a large box of old movies and TV shows in the attic. I took a brief look at it once, but none of them looked like they would appeal to her. One day, Kimberly was at a doctor’s appointment and I thought I’d have time to watch a movie aimed more towards my age range. So I thought this would be a good time to look through the box of old movies in the attic.
I heard the water in the shower stop. Movements from inside the bathroom.
End Boson Fleet Nova transmission 30.
I sprang up from my seat and reached for the door handle. Almost immediately, I felt Keaton’s tight grip on my wrist. Fuck. He clutched it with both his hands and then he released one hand and reached for my head. I desperately yanked away from him but he caught the ends of my hair and tugged hard and wrenched my head down toward the floor.
I nearly didn’t talk to anyone that whole year. That on top of my seclusion didn’t do me any good, although it did provide a bare-bones source of comfort.
“Look I need you to keep your shit together. We’re working on closing this one but we’re still recovering from the last few Aberrations. We have a team on the way to assess the situation. Keep an eye and make sure nothing else happens.”
Coco: That’s awful.
He wasn’t breathing.
“Why is this happening?” she choked out. “Why can’t we get out? Who’s doing this to us? I can’t do this anymore, I can’t see any more kids die!”
“Great. Just what I fucking need.” I said, sighing. “Will you guys be able to take care of this thing? If it’s in Florida that’s one state too close for me.”
She carried the camera through her apartment and towards what looked to be a computer room. None of the videos had taken me inside there yet. She opened the door and revealed a 3D model of her girlfriend, Emily, tied to an office chair. That was interesting.
“No way,” Lara replied, horrified. “Do you have any idea how disgusting that would be? Birth is akin to pure gore!”

Bodies were stacked everywhere.

“We know you are out there, and we are coming for you.”
The large man scowled at Kent. “He’s crazy. There’s no sense listenin’ to him.”
As the years went on, her calls and emails got less and less frequent. She always seemed to be busy. Soon they tapered off completely. I missed her, of course, but I had my own life. And I could check in on my childhood home whenever I wanted. One winter, I came into town to visit my parents for the holidays, and decided I’d swing by Tina’s house. I’d normally never just drop by, but she was pretty bad about answering her phone, and I really wanted to see her.
As he had promised, the video started back up on day 76. This time he was ranting – yelling – at the forest. He talked about his food rotting too quickly despite the freezing temperatures, not being able to find any “others” to eat, and starving. This was far past frustration we typically see from participants. This was anger. Deep-seated anger. The footage ended abruptly after he threw his hatchet at the camera.
We followed the local death-notices like ghouls, for our specimens demanded particular qualities. What we wanted were corpses interred soon after death and without artificial preservation; preferably free from malforming disease, and certainly with all organs present. Accident victims were our best hope. Not for many weeks did we hear of anything suitable; though we talked with morgue and hospital authorities, ostensibly in the college’s interest, as often as we could without exciting suspicion. We found that the college had first choice in every case, so that it might be necessary to remain in Arkham during the summer, when only the limited summer-school classes were held. In the end, though, luck favoured us; for one day we heard of an almost ideal case in the potter’s field; a brawny young workman drowned only the morning before in Sumner’s Pond, and buried at the town’s expense without delay or embalming. That afternoon we found the new grave, and determined to begin work soon after midnight.

“Get off him, ya nut job!” a large man yelled, pulling the sickly, bearded fellow off of Kent and throwing him against the door. “Now get outta here!”
The headmistress blinked in confusion as she looked over at me then back at the couple, she never had introduced me to any clients because she noticed none of them paid me much mind in the past but, these people did. Needless to say, she wasn’t fully prepared for this moment.
Lara was mortified. “I told you to get a sonogram,” she babbled. “You could have seen it! You could have done something–”
Julian: Coco?

When I asked for help, they took my tongue.
“Okay,” said Keaton. “Let’s start from the beginning. Amy…you felt Billy’s hand tickling your leg, right?”
I had to warn Otis. I hopped in my car, but I took a moment to glance at the backyard. The shed doors were open. I didn’t have time to investigate; Otis needed to know. I practically jumped out of my car when I pulled up to his driveway, knocking much more desperately than usually. He had to answer; his truck was in the garage. When no one came to the door, I opened it reluctantly. The sight before me made me regret everything I’d done up until that point.

“Do not drive to the concert tonight.” Eighteen-wheeler lost control and plowed into a line of cars. Every driver crushed. Every driver killed. In the stretch of freeway I would have been driving down.
Standing there on the cliffs, I told Chris about Samantha’s removable face. At first, he thought I was joking. Then he had a thousand questions, most of which I couldn’t answer.
“Thank you, Sir.”  Olympus cut the connection and, after a moment of quiet, Dimitri turned his attention to his bandaged co-pilot.
“How the hell…” I said. There’s no way. This looked like the fucking apocalypse and somehow we managed to completely avoid it?
“Next step?” I asked. She seemed to still hear me alright.
What was really creepy was that most of the footage was shot in what was now my friends house. It was always dark in the footage, like this man didn’t like to have lights on, but we did recognize various locations of the house. One piece of footage was obviously shot in the living room which showed Butcherface using a large hunting knife to cut the power cord off of something we couldn’t see, wrapping this cord tightly around his arm, grunting and moaning as he does it, and using the knife to cut deep cuts into his hand and arm. One disturbing clip showed him standing in front of a table in the kitchen. On the table was a clothes iron. He then unzipped his pants, took out his penis, put it on the table and pressed the hot iron against it. He screamed but didn’t take it off for about 30 seconds. He finally took it off, limped over to the camera and turned it off.
Then she had laughed in her hard, cawing, witch-like way. But Opal hadn’t laughed since she saw no humor in the circumstances. She hated her life – she detested her mother and her husband and the whole sideshow business. She couldn’t imagine subjecting an innocent life to it…Death was the most merciful option. And so, Opal jumped off the bridge and hurdled downwards; taking her parasitic sister, unborn child, and mother’s ambitions with her.
Hasn’t she?
How everyone would forget you. How the fireflies would make them. How for the last three years, you’d been alone.
I closed my eyes, gritting myself for what was about to happen. When I opened them again I almost gasped.
“That was delicious, Shawn!”
Dad had found that out the hard way. All she liked was sewing and watching Family Feud.
“You know what’s never going to betray you? Animation. That’s why I like Makiko! No fucking backtalk. No sleeping around. She’s mine, and no one can take that from me.” I raised an eyebrow at him.
I still have trouble believing what I saw in room eight. Again, the room was a carbon copy of rooms three and six, but sitting in the usually empty chair was a man. After a few seconds of disbelief, my mind finally accepted the fact that the man sitting in the chair was me. Not someone who looked like me; it was David Williams. I walked closer. I had to get a better look even though I was sure of it. He looked up at me and I noticed tears in his eyes.
It was a repulsive task that we undertook in the black small hours, even though we lacked at that time the special horror of graveyards which later experiences brought to us. We carried spades and oil dark lanterns, for although electric torches were then manufactured, they were not as satisfactory as the tungsten contrivances of today. The process of unearthing was slow and sordid—it might have been gruesomely poetical if we had been artists instead of scientists—and we were glad when our spades struck wood. When the pine box was fully uncovered West scrambled down and removed the lid, dragging out and propping up the contents. I reached down and hauled the contents out of the grave, and then both toiled hard to restore the spot to its former appearance. The affair made us rather nervous, especially the stiff form and vacant face of our first trophy, but we managed to remove all traces of our visit. When we had patted down the last shovelful of earth we put the specimen in a canvas sack and set out for the old Chapman place beyond Meadow Hill.
“He was the local nut, and now he cracked. Let it go. You have a son to find, don’t you?”
Shit. I don’t even know how I’m supposed to hide. If they’re a mile up the road then hopefully that means three minutes, max. Now isn’t the time for them to be careful drivers. My best bet right now is to just run and dodge until they get here.
I didn’t open the door. I screamed. I screamed in uncontrollable terror. I stomped on the old webcam on the floor. The door shook, and the doorknob tried to turn, but I didn’t hear Amy’s voice through the door. Was the basement door, made to keep out drafts, too thick? Or was Amy not outside? What could have been trying to get in, if not her? What the hell is out there?! I saw her on my computer through the camera outside, I heard her on the speakers through the camera outside, but was it real?! How can I know?! She’s gone now – I screamed, and shouted for help! I piled up everything in my apartment against the front door –
When I last left off I had heard noises at my door. Even though I had mentioned hiding under the bed before, since I was still awake I decided to opt for the closet instead of the bed. I didn’t want to restrict my movement; the closet would be much easier to escape from. I left the closet door halfway open so I could peek into my room.
Peter nodded.
Caleb looked deep into her eyes. He further lowered himself until his face almost touched hers, firmly pinning the girl down the bed. Erica squirmed and thrashed, but it was no use. She fought against him but he was far stronger.
“Yeah?” I asked.
“Someone must’ve really loved her to do that,” Lara replied, with an audible edge in her tone. Lara had a horrible relationship with her parents and she resented anyone who had been even remotely cared for as a child…including the deformed little freak in the photo who had undoubtedly died decades earlier.
The worst part, however, was when you noticed something that made your situation so much worse.

“Come on, guys,” said Peter. He looked mortified.
“There’s no need to be concerned,” he chuckled. “It’s just a nickname. Nothing more. Gossip is such an ugly thing, isn’t it?”
I sipped pensively at my own glass as I stared out the window of our penthouse apartment.
“Follow us, please,” said one of the men.
“Haha, this isn’t nothing. I’ll take a cold rain over snow and ice any day.”
“She was.”
But they didn’t, because they came and talked to me again, and I cried a bit and the detective was sympathetic and took notes of everything I said. I didn’t say anything about the wolf-thing. I just said the neighbor went next door to complain about the power tools. I heard yelling. That was all.
I’m sorry I ruined that moment. When my arms were around you, I was close enough to steal a firefly without you noticing.
Once you’ve checked them all, you turn to the hall you just entered through to find that it’s gone as well. As you see this, you’re brought to your knees. You nearly start crying. You’re trapped. There’s no escape. Tears fill your eyes as you cry out in anguish.
Amber sneered. “And do what? Take the little brat? Come on, foster care kids cost the state money and in lieu of the Great Recession, the government likes to save money. They cut corners wherever possible – letting some white trash rug-rat fall under the radar is the norm.
Every single eye on its face looked right at me. I know it sounds crazy that I could tell from that distance but I know it was looking at me. It could somehow sense I realized this, because the grin on its face got even wider.
“Yeah,” said Julie. “We were, until this…stupid shit happened.” She was acting all shy and flirty, now.
The very next day, Chris’s mother was walking around in their backyard and came across their dog. He had been ripped open from the neck to the stomach and placed in the still open hole his father had dug two weeks earlier. The cops had been called and they were finally told about Butcherface. Since Chris’s father had burned everything, they really had no evidence that the dog had been killed by a person and labeled it an animal mauling.
Well, nothing happened. I propped open the hallway-to-stairwell door, steeled myself, then flung the heavy front door wide open and ran like hell down the stairs to my room and slammed the door. I watched the webcam on my computer intently, seeing the hallway outside my door and most of the stairwell. I’m watching it right now, and I don’t see anything interesting. I just wish the camera’s position was different, so that I could see out the front door. Hey! Somebody’s online!
“Gone?” Dimitri’s voice was confused.  “What do you mean ‘gone’?”

With one swift move, it bent over and crunched down on the plane. There was a small plume of smoke and a flash of fire, and then it was gone. I couldn’t believe my eyes. How many people were on that flight? How many people just lost family members to that… thing? I had to do something. I called 911.
Julian: Who issued the ticket?
Oh god. The thing that will kill me.
Coco: OH, FUCK!
Doesn’t that seem a little ridiculous now? He thought to himself and then felt guilty for even considering it. What am I thinking? It’s just lunch with coworkers, not a date! 
“I’m alright! We’ll just try again!” Tracer said with a giggle. Even the model of the player in-game had been replaced with Tracer’s. She stood out with the stark difference in graphics and art style.
It was at this point in the story that I could not help but recall a fragment of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn’s Gulag Archipelago from my Russian history class: “The Universe has as many different centers as there are living beings in it. Each of us is a center of the Universe, and that Universe is shattered when they hiss at you: ‘You are under arrest. ‘ If you are arrested, can anything else remain unshattered by this cataclysm? But the darkened mind is incapable of embracing these displacements in our universe, and both the most sophisticated and the veriest simpleton among us, drawing on all life’s experience, can gasp out only: ‘Me? What for?’”
“You on drugs or something?” asked a young, homely girl. “You city people always on them drugs.”
I didn’t leave my apartment for months.
David started laughing then. I left him at the hospital, went home, and had my first drink in two years. I knew that it was a horrible mistake, but I did it anyway, to wash away the horror. When I was drunk enough, I resolved to return to the morgue, determined to burn Craig Brockwell’s body.
“I knew I was going to need this!” he declared triumphantly.

seen with your own eyes don’t trust them they
It was fucking Vegas after all, right?
That night I got woken up by my phone ringing. I saw that it was Ronald. I groggily answered it, still half asleep.
There was a tentative knock on the door. A man came in, wheeling in a cart. On top of that cart was a blob of what looked like light pink silly putty. But that was impossible, it couldn’t have been a…brain. Could it?

“Isn’t she?” he asked. “She’s real to me, Jeremy. I’ve got all her merch, and I sleep with her every night. I’m in love! I’m happier the way I am now than I ever was with some slut. Trust me, you’re never going to be as satisfied with a woman as you will with your own hands.” He respawned and continued playing, reshifting his focus back to the game. I tried to think of an argument but I really couldn’t, so I let it drop. The thing is, as the years went by, that conversation stuck with me and I started thinking that he was right.
“I know; I just came from downtown — “

She flailed around in my grasped fiercely attempting to latch onto me. She had apparently swallowed the chunk of my brothers’ neck and was snapping her head left and right trying to get a hold of my hand. My brother was in shock; his hands around his neck now gushing blood onto the floor. I urged him to get our mother, to get away from the beast that had once been our loving pet. His eyes where filled with tears as he stared at the scene before him. He had several punctures to his esophagus which caused rasping, blood filled words from his weak voice. He back out of our kitchen mumbling ‘no’ over and over. A moment later I heard my mother scream, not the scream I’d expected from seeing my brother but a scream like that of my brother as he’d been attacked. Between the wailing of the cat, my brothers mumbling, and my mothers’ screams, there was something else; a bewildering, out of pitch whine.
In that way, he didn’t disappoint. He did things differently than most participants typically do. Most participants establish a shelter first. Timothy was hungry, so he found some field with a weird-ass flower and started chowing down for a couple of hours. “Can’t build on an empty stomach,” he said, as if he hadn’t eaten right before being dropped off at his location. He then essentially built himself a mini-pool of sorts, it being pretty warm in Patagonia at that time of the year. He claimed he wanted a good place to “hang out” where he could be certain no “fishes were going to bite his toes,” where glacial fjords might not afford such confidence. It was certainly unique, if nothing else.
“Give me a hand, Jeremy,” Tracer said, “Pull me through!”
Two vaccinations and a few spoons of ice cream later we pull back in the driveway, ready to recover from the whole ordeal. As I pull her seat out of the car I notice a little pink elephant with a yellow star on its side. I pick it up and hand it to her as I take her into the house.
So, now it’s a day later and I’m writing After Momma got sick, Daddy didn’t act the same. He’d go off into their room and not come out for days. I was just thirteen at that time, but Daddy said I was big and needed to take care of things. I liked feelin’ responsible.
He thought he heard something whisper “help me” before the sobbing continued. “The hell is this?”
Roger’s smile faltered a degree and he was silent for a moment.  “That’s not a nice thing to say, friend.  After everything I’m doing to help you out, help you get back safe to your family, you go and say something like that?”
As time passed, things just became steadily worse and worse and Howard yearned for the days when his daughter would hug him and laugh with him like she did every father’s day. Time passed and he began to realise he could no longer blame others, not even himself, for Emma’s behaviour. It was obvious that Emma was becoming more like her mother burn in hell Brenda. A clone of the woman he’d grown to despise and one bitch was enough, Howard would not suffer another, certainly not his precious daughter Emma.
I’m still not entirely sure what I will do with the man should I succeed. I have rope on hand to tie the man up (shout out to YouTube for teaching me how to properly tie knots), and duct tape, of course, to cover the man’s mouth. Whatever I do, I don’t think I can tell the police about this. It’s too late for that.
“Apologize?” said Billy. “For what? I didn’t do anything.”
“Bear… bear witness to what?” Mason stammered.
There are all sorts of possibilities for how I’ll meet my end. I’ll most likely either die from starvation or become sustenance for her. I feel sick every time I try to think of how long it will take for her to grow hungry again. One day, Otis won’t be enough to satisfy her.
“What’s going on?” I asked as my standard greeting to all my friends. There was a faint sound in the background that I couldn’t help but notice. It kind of sounded like someone was screaming. A woman. “Uh, what’s that noise?”
My body thrashed upwards, and I was immediately sedated with a dirty needle that was at least 5 inches long. Again, darkness overcame me, and I promised myself that this time, it would be permanent.
“I don’t think so,” I said, realizing that I hadn’t even stopped to think about that all day. I ran through a mental checklist: Chills? No. Fever? No. Wheezing? No. Uncontrollable vomiting? Obviously not. “I guess I’m safe for now. How are you? Are you –”
Then you panic. You can’t help but think of all of the horrible things this twisted, sadistic child has in store for you… and does she ever have some horrible things in store for you. Let’s take a moment to think about the possibilities.
It happened in public too. People in the street, on the hyper train, everywhere I went people were always looking at me, and I don’t know why. When 5 PM rolled around, I gathered up my things and headed out. Even tonight, it was no different.  Everyone I passed seem to at the very least give me a sideways glance. It was intoxicating. Absolutely blinding rage filtered into every electrical impulse in my body, every time someone looked my way.
I picked up my phone and dialed Ronald’s number.
Katie stirred slightly. “Our parents will be wondering about us by now,” she murmured. “Or people who have to go to work, or something. They’ll all be late. Someone will find us, right?”
I called Kelly’s name a few times and walked from room to room but our apartment was small – two bedrooms and a living room with a kitchenette, ratty as hell – and she was nowhere. No note on the fridge, on the kitchen table, on the bed, nothing. This wasn’t like her. We were mostly attached at the hip, the two of us – it’d been like that the two years we’d been together and we both liked it, despite what people say about co-dependency. Anything I had to do without her – my meetings, for instance – I always messaged her when I got there, when I got home, and usually I heard back both times.
I’m a producer for Alone, the TV show on History. This story is about a participant we had in season 2, whose footage we had to cut. I’ve never felt comfortable talking about this before, especially because it opens me up for liability. After all, giving away TV show secrets is a bit of a faux pas, especially a survival show. But I feel like people should know the truth.
“And you’re insisting he was doing it on purpose, right?”
“What… I don’t understand,” Kent whispered. The sickly man looked directly into Kent’s eyes, his face trembling.
“Jon, let me come clean. I actually rent this apartment. I have for a while now. I don’t live here, though. A home weighs on a person. Don’t get me wrong, so does living on the street, big time, but there’s something heavy about being cooped up. It gets unbearable. Once you’ve left enough skins in a room, even if you get rid of them, the smell never really goes. Instead of trying to deal with it I started using the space as storage. Anyway, you’re right, I’ll find some covers at your place. And don’t worry, I don’t judge. The ones you brought home can’t smell worse than mine.”
This time my voice did not fail me, and I poured into the transmitter a flood of excited questions. Terrified, I continued to repeat, “Warren, what is it? What is it?”
II.
It took a moment before I could find my voice. He looked at me expectantly with eyes that weren’t there.
She handed me a clipboard which held a simple fill-out form. I walked back to the waiting area, took a seat, and began to fill out the form.
“One of the others like me?” I asked. All this Aberration stuff was interesting, but I want to know who else can see these things. Someone I can talk to that actually knows how fucking insane all of this is.
A grubby looking ball rolled in front of him. “Took you long enough,” bending down to pick the ball up, he turned and looked at the large golden Labrador that eagerly stared back at him. “I don’t want to get caught in this rain, OK? So last one, yeah?” The man launched the ball down the path and watched as the dog raced after it. The man watched as the dog stood over the ball and paused. “Hey! Today would be nice!” Without taking the ball the dog took off down another path. “Ah damn it, best not be chasing that cat again!” The man grumbled under his breath as he broke into a slow jog. Once he had retrieved the ball he looked around, his dog was nowhere to be seen. At the end of the path was a large farmhouse, set far back from the country lane. He could hear soft low pitch whining. “Shadow, where you at boy?”
The fourth room was possibly the most disturbing. As I closed the door, all light seemed to be sucked out and put back into the previous room. I stood there, surrounded by darkness, not able to move. I’m not afraid of the dark and never have been, but I was absolutely terrified. All sight had left me. I held my hand in front of my face and if I didn’t know what I was doing, I would never have been able to tell. Darkness doesn’t describe it. I couldn’t hear anything. It was dead silence. When you’re in a sound-proof room, you can still hear yourself breathing. You can hear yourself being alive.
Kent stood dumbfounded as the group strolled away, joking about how crazy he seemed. Before he could begin to wrap his brain around what had just happened, the ticket taker called to him.
Mark’s fatigue lifted a little, and his body seemed to ache even more at the thought of finally being able to get out of the car and stretch.  He couldn’t tell how far away the source of the light was, but he knew it was close.  After a few more minutes, he entered a straight stretch of road, and the trees on the right-hand side fell away.  He slowed, and saw that the ground spilled down from the snow-covered roadway into the parking lot of what looked like a diner.  It was a squat, long building with a neon sign above that read, “The Silver Line.”  Welcoming light was pouring out of the windows, which stretched the length of the front of the building.

Somehow, seeing her fall apart gave me a steely resolve. One of us had to stay sane, and for now, it was going to be me. I jerked her roughly to her feet.
A high pitched whine sounded throughout the building, and lights began flashing. A hoard of soldiers burst through the door, weapons drawn, screaming at me to put down the knife.
Monday
Instead, on the night of day 86, Timothy decided to wait up for it, machete in hand.
“Alright… erm… well, I suppose I should get to work, if you’d be so kind?”
Abusive bantering was part of their bond – it seemed strange, but both women liked strange things.
Billy snickered loudly and shook his head, scrunching his eyebrows and shrugging like someone who’s guilty and knows it. Keaton still sneered and stared intently at both of us, seemingly entertained by the increasingly escalating situation. He giggled and playfully slapped Billy’s knee.
It pained him to look at Peg’s wasted body; the gash in her chest seemed bigger and painful.
I give it a tug.
“Hey, humor me a second here,” I told her through the mic. “Tell me one thing about us. Just prove to me you’re you.”
With wax coming dangerously close to frosting, Laura’s child and, despite all her accomplishments, the best thing she had ever done, puffed his cheeks once again and blew them out with only the tiniest degree of spittle released.  Mike kept the footage running as Kevin cut the first and largest piece which they set aside for her.  It was to be freeze-dried and sent overnight to Russia where it would be included with the supply manifest for the ESA’s Automated Transfer Vehicle launching with the Ariane-6 Heavy-Lift Rocket exactly thirteen hours after Laura and Dimitri’s Orion Capsule, The Daedalus, lifted off from Cape Canaveral.  If it all went according to plan, in three days’ time she would be able to sit down in her own private quarters aboard the OSS and eat a portion of the triple-chocolate cake while, most likely, watching this video again…for the thousandth time.
He dragged her to the basement and threw her down the steps. I could hear her gasping for wind when she hit the bottom. Slamming the deadbolt shut, he spun around to me with a fire in his eyes, “What do I always say about Momma’s room?”
From the other side of the barn.
“Yeah, if there were any actual threats out here. I can’t remember the last time we actually saw anything.” Elliot replied, staring off into the horizon, his visor dampening the bright sunshine. His heavy boots were sinking slightly into the ground, causing him to constantly have to re-position his feet.
I took a deep breath before inching the back of the trailer open. I paused holding my breath and listen for any noise. When nothing seemed to stir, I slid out of the truck and slinked to the ground attempting to see anything from underneath the vehicles. I remained very still for several moments, listening for any noise that was to be heard. The city had a terrible smell that even after two years burned my nose. Rotting flesh is something you can never get used to. Certain parts of the city that people had tried to block the infection in had so many rotting bodies that it would burn your eyes when you got to close. I hadn’t wondered into the inner parts of the city for quite some time due to this. I was running out of options, out of food, out of places to search on the outskirts of the city. If I am going to make it out alive, this is my chance.
“Oh, no, it’s fine,” Dennis reassured me. “I know the guy that’s throwing it. He’s great. The house is also massive, so he’s letting people stay if they want.”
“Mom!” he said, desperately, but she was already closing the door.  Jake could hear her crying as she did so.
I heard the sirens not too long after. I don’t know how much time passed, as I didn’t bother to look at the clock. I was too afraid to take my eyes off of that damn thing. A moment later, the sound of nearby sirens drew its attention, and I saw it leap suddenly up onto the roof. Its claws scraped against the shingles, and I followed it towards the front of the house, where I caught a glimpse of red and blue lights approaching. By then, there was no sign of the creature or any more sounds from the roof. I watched one of the police officers come up my walkway, his partner trailing behind, before breaking off to head towards the gate leading to the back. The lead officer headed to my door. He was about to knock when he noticed me waiting in the doorway. I opened it just a crack. “It’s on the roof!” I cried out, helpless to conceal the terror in my voice.
I sprinted to the metro station. I have to admit, this part was almost fun. Even though my body moved at, what seemed to me, super-slow speed, I could still carefully choose how and where to place my feet, swing my arms, and turn my torso. It only took a block or two to getting used to having a brain that ran two dozen times faster than my body. Then I basically sprint-danced the rest of the way, twisting and juking between people on the sidewalk and dodging moving cars with inches (a.k.a. minutes) of clearance.
Years ago when I was a young boy, my parents made me go to church with them. There isn’t much I remember from that, as most of the time I was bored out of my mind, but there was this one time when the priest had spoken about the end of the world that I vaguely remembered. He said that all those who believed in God, their souls would rise up to heaven. Without a soul, a body is just a shell, and a shell is always waiting to be filled by something.
Or what the fuck ‘Nahuatl’ is. See, I googled those letters. That word.
It wasn’t long after this moment that we discovered masturbation. We knew about sex – who didn’t in this day and age? – but masturbation was something completely foreign to us. I mean, sure, we had woken up with a stiff dick for months now, but none of us had mentioned it in any sort of way. We had overheard Sean Hart, a boy in our ninth-grade class, whispering about it to some other boys at the back of our science class. ‘Give it a good tug!’ were his words, and a few nights later, we did.
My apartment was quiet and dark. I got up and found the light but when I turned it on…everything was normal. The blankets I had thrown out were still on my bed. The dents in the walls were gone.
Your story was very hard to believe. So I didn’t. I asked what reality prank show I was on. You looked, well, unimpressed, and asked me to continue telling my story.
“So how long do you think you’re going to keep this up for?”
“No, oh my god, no, this can’t be happening! Not you too!” I gabbled breathlessly. Not Katie too. Hadn’t enough people died? I prayed to any god that might be out there to rescue us, but no one came. We were all alone.
Suddenly a bright white light above me blinked on nearly blinding me. Next thing i knew i was laying on a steel table, strapped to it. This looked familiar, the big light aimed at me laying on a metal table, strapped at the wrists and ankles… where have i seen this before?
It was a momentary relief when the psychological sledgehammer of a dream jerked her back to a waking state, but the moment was short-lived.  Discovering, yet again, that she had been blinded…hopefully temporarily…the reality of her situation setting back in was just as horrific as the dream had been.  She could hear Dimitri…and he was speaking to someone.
I checked the mail diligently every single day since she disappeared in case she sent me a note, or somebody did.
Through the crack of the elevator door just before it closed for the last time, you got one last look at what you could swear was the faint outline of something in the corner.
“Have you forgotten so easily?” The subject asked. “We are you. We are the madness that lurks within you all, begging to be free at every moment in your deepest animal mind. We are what you hide from in your beds every night. We are what you sedate into silence and paralysis when you go to the nocturnal haven where we cannot tread.”
“Roger,” Mark called out.  Roger continued to whistle and cook.
Chris laughed. “You telling me to respect a woman? Up is down now.”
Billy nodded.
You never did tell anyone about floor zero, maybe because you thought it was a dream, or maybe you were going insane…

After about fifteen minutes of this, I heard footsteps approach the door.
“Elephant in the room?” Peter mumbled. He now sat with his head slumped forward and stared down at his crotch.
Only one response was given: “I must remain awake.”
Julian: Get it because-
I panted like a dog as I took deep breaths of the cold air and clutched my throbbing throat. I gazed up at Keaton, who now looked like some malevolent phantom in the pale moonlight, clouds of his cold breath exiting his mouth and nostrils. He motioned impatiently at Peter.
I ended up marrying the girl. She was quirky, and found humor in things that I totally did not understand, but I loved her. And she accepted me.
My breathing hadn’t been steady since I left my house, and seeing the house didn’t help. There weren’t any other cars around, which made me think that it wasn’t open. Light from the front stoop illuminated the surrounding area, and the windows showed that lights were on inside. I parked my car, walked up to the front, and made my way in.
My chest was thrumming with such intense, pounding reverberation that my teeth chatters with every surging beat. The clicking in my mouth kept time like the second hand, and with each passing moment, the rhythm grew increasingly uneven and chaotic. So I withdrew from the window. A bead of sweat dripped from the end of my clammy middle finger, and Half-and-half, my cat, approached to sniff the salty pool, unaware of the interloper’s ceaseless gaze. I could feel his downy fur brush against my leg as he crawled under the folds of my night gown.
I was concentrating on my writing, trying not to make her do too much of the work, when I felt it. I hadn’t noticed the phantom feeling of my elbow resting on the table beside me, by this point I had almost gotten used to it, although the pain would sometimes still wake me. It was brief, but enough to startle me and cause my hand, still holding the pen, to jump and effectively turn my name into scribbles despite my wife’s best efforts. It was gentle but cold. Too cold. Less like ice and more like the feeling of a deep cut, when the insides of a body part are suddenly exposed to the outside elements that they were never supposed to meet. When Elizabeth asked, I shrugged it off, telling her it was an unexpected pain in the hand that was convinced it was clenched, even though it didn’t exist. At the moment, I almost believed that that was what happening myself.
“No. My son is missing. We were at the carnival last night and…” Kent wasn’t sure how to finish his sentence but—as it turned out—he didn’t need to.
And for seventeen years after that West would look frequently over his shoulder, and complain of fancied footsteps behind him. Now he has disappeared.
I dropped the piece of dead flesh and hair that I had been holding and turned to look at David. “This is very bizarre. I have never seen anything like this. I can’t explain it.”
My brain was fighting hard to censor this knowledge. Unacceptable to my nightly routine, unfathomable to any human.
“Who?” one of them inquired, to Kent’s surprise.
Soon after that, I discovered that my memory was diminishing, and – as I noted at the start – I did attribute this effect to having been deeply influenced and disturbed by what I had read. Is it not paradoxical that I, a sensible man, a man almost not at all given to flights of fancy – particularly when it comes to this type of situation – am now fretting on account of just reading some text?
The dirt road twisted and turned until Kent wasn’t sure which direction he was headed. A house here and there provided no respite, as there seemed to be no one home. He was becoming exhausted due to the constant slight incline of the road so he stopped to rest. He was just high up enough to see the village over the trees. It made him feel alone. It was then that he noticed something hanging from a branch that looked like a knapsack.
Elliot rushed out of the cavern, the previous sense of dread now encompassing his entire body.

“Oliver,” she started to question me, “what’s on your mind right now?”
Static…
Something was coming to get me. What or why I didn’t know. But I knew it, I knew it deep down in my DNA.
Part 4: Why We Won’t Tape a Kids’ Version Ever Again
“Yes, well. That one is going to weigh on us a while. Thing is, we’ve never seen one this large. Usually, the Aberrations that appear are on a much smaller scale. Think your typical Hollywood monster movie, that’s the scale we’re used to dealing with. This thing though… he’s big. Bigger than we’re used to. We haven’t quite come up with a plan to take him out yet.”
I looked at the article surrounding the picture. It was a blog posted by a hiker, twenty years after the last mention of the two kids. The picture was a mystery to the cameraman as well. He’d been wanting to go to the woods pictured for a while now, but he never actually remembered going there. The picture had just appeared on his camera one day, out the blue.
When we started havin’ to take care of baby Junie, we would bring her into the pig pen too. She was too little to talk, but we would ask her to say their names.
“But it’s night time, Mom.  There’s no school at night.”  His father abruptly turned around and walked out of the room.
Chapter 3

* * * * * *
“That where all the flowers went, Daddy? The woods?” I’d ask and he’d always say, “Somethin’ like that, baby girl.”
As Teddy mounted his sister in a fumbling, incestuous act of necrophilia, Mother’s car pulled into the cracked driveway.
I collapsed on the floor coughing more because of the dense fog of dust and the rank smell emitting from the foul building. I couldn’t take it anymore. I held my breath and stood up. I was dizzy, i couldn’t see straight. I felt like i was about to pass out. I slapped myself and tried to make it to the door, but i froze. I stood there staring out the door into the night sky frozen, as i felt hot breath on my neck. I heard a snapping sound, and then a growl. I didn’t want to know what it was, i just wanted to run for the door but i couldn’t move. And just as i was about to turn my head to see what was behind me, the front door slammed shut, leaving me in total darkness. The sound the door made as it slammed echoed through the building and its walls shook for a moment. Then everything fell silent. Everything except for my accelerated heart beat and frantic breathing.
Chris smiled. “I’ll be fine. Got my beer, got some weeds to pull in your garden. God knows your lazy-ass husband isn’t going to do it. Those tomatoes are choking to death. It’s a tragedy.”

Might you leave the picture be, and pray that this was just some twisted story?
“We’re very good at our jobs. Usually, anyway. There is typically some collateral damage from the larger ones, but most are small and can be taken care of with little notice from the outside world. I guarantee you’ve heard about some of the larger ones: Chernobyl, the San Francisco Earthquake… the LA riots were quite nasty. That one had a profound effect on the surrounding population.”
“That’s enough, Billy,” he said. “Come on, it’s Peter’s turn.”
Except what was heard was different for everyone who watched the tape. I might hear Dennett and one voice, and other person heard Dennett and another voice. No one seemed to hear exactly the same thing. Just different voices, or slight variations, or different things entirely.
“He’s dead!” she cried as she approached a group that had gone outside. “He’s dead! She killed him!”
“Beat it! For God’s sake, put back the slab and beat it, Carter!”
Jake stood, unsteadily, and put his jacket on.  He looked down at his backpack.  “I ate my apple.”
Mason’s sanity was slipping by the second. The underlying implications of that statement was too horrifying to mull over. He needed to act fast, he needed to know what exactly he was up against.
We told her that we were interested in a “clairvoyant reading”, and handed her about twenty dollars that we had scrounged together between the two of us. She led us to her kitchen table, and asked which of us wanted to go first.
I have trouble writing this next part. I’ve even tried to convince myself that Amani made it up, that it was the distortion of a tortured and traumatized mind. But, she was calm when she told the story. As calm as anyone can be when speaking of such things. She spoke with anger, but not insanity. She spoke with total solemnity but not pathological depression.
My heart ached and swelled with a more genuine love than I had ever felt. If you had perhaps asked me before this how I felt about my boyfriend, I wouldn’t have been sure what to say. He was cute and I liked being around him, but I wasn’t sure if there was much of anything deeper than that. However, in that moment, I felt that I truly loved him. I felt hopeful for the first time in a long while. I felt like I might be able to make it.
If only she did not laugh at his pranks, thus encouraging him.
Ted walked down a few doors and knocked. He waited a few seconds and then turned the handle, walking in and leaving the door open behind him. Jon went over to look, but it was too dark.
I hated everyone.
The rest of the evening, I kept trying to steer the conversation back in that direction, but Brian refused. Even after a drink of two, he still hadn’t calmed down, and he ended up leaving early, still very shaken up. As he left though the lobby of my building, he turned back to me, looked me dead in the eye, and said. “Don’t go down to 1030. I know you’re curious, but do not go down there. Don’t go down there. Don’t.” Despite his dire warning, I had to know. I had to! I got back in the elevator, and pressed the button for the eleventh floor. As the elevator slowly passed the eighth floor, I pressed the large illuminated “ten”, and the elevator creaked to a stop on the tenth floor.
As the years wore on, my son continued to develop into exactly the man I had hoped he would be. He never drank, never smoked, never tried drugs, and only very rarely rebelled at all – a few times staying out after curfew, a brief dalliance with a local girl. Of course, a little youthful rebellion is a normal thing, and I tolerated it as a necessary price for him to have a well-adjusted adolescence. My wife and I would listen with horror to the stories our friends told of their own screaming fights with hormone-riddled teenagers, with children who had become strangers to them, and nod with feigned sympathy. More than once, on the ride home from whatever dinner or gathering we’d been to, she would turn to me and say simply, “We are very, very blessed.”
“Why did I even try?” The robot’s voice was slightly metallic, like a monotone text-to-speech engine.
I held out my arm with the cat still twitching about and made my way to the stairs to check on my mother. I grabbed my cell as I passed the living room table to call for help realizing the house was suddenly quieter. Mother had stopped screaming, my brother hunched in the corner of the living room, hands still clamped to his neck but no longer mumbling. The cat still made her terrible wailing; then there was this odd whine that carried through the house. If you could imagine the noise a dog would make when it’s hit by a car and slowly dying, that’s about what this sounded like.
She was wrong.
I finished tidying up and headed to school. On the school bus, I felt oddly content, like something I’d been worrying about had just… disappeared.
I can hear a subtle sigh of relief from her end of the phone. “Good. I am glad she is doing ok. Do you both have plans for the day?” There’s a hopeful tone in her voice as she asks this. “No not really am just going to get some cleaning done and maybe head out to the store later to fill up the freezer.”
My hair is thick, wiry, and black as spider legs. I’m only thirteen and I have thicker hair on my arms and legs than most boys on the Tanglewood Junior High football team. My big sister and I are practically the same in every other way. But she got the peach fuzz and I got black bristles—all over. Arms, legs, chest, face…and even down there.
“Selectively mute, Shawn. It means she can talk, she just doesn’t,” Riley explained. “Nobody really knows why. It usually develops at a young age in children but I guess she’s a different story. Our best guess is that it’s a result of the head trauma. In fact, her family thought she was completely mute before they brought her here. That cry for help is the only thing she says. It happens every day. I’m surprised you haven’t encountered it yet.”
He answered to David. He was me, right down to the voice. But that nine. I paced around for a few minutes while he sobbed in his chair. The room had no door and, similarly to room six, the door I came through was gone. For some reason, I assumed that scratching would get me nowhere this time. I studied the walls and floor around the chair, sticking my head underneath and seeing if anything was below. Unfortunately, there was. Below the chair was a knife. Attached was a tag that read, “To David – From Management.”
After five days they started to complain about the circumstances and events that lead them to where they were and started to demonstrate severe paranoia. They stopped talking to each other and began alternately whispering to the microphones and one way mirrored portholes. Oddly they all seemed to think they could win the trust of the experimenters by turning over their comrades, the other subjects in captivity with them. At first the researchers suspected this was an effect of the gas itself…
“Operator, what’s your emergency?” A woman’s voice, polite, yet urgent.
Julian: Yes Coco?

“Hi, mommy!”  Kevin, who just turned six a week ago, smiled and waved at the camera while hovering over the birthday cake which Mike had decorated with stars, planets and a tiny replica of the Olympus Space Station.  “I love you,” he continued.
“Now, hold still honey, hold still.”
It was footage of us. Footage of us going around to talk to people about Better Films. Footage of us going into the video store where we’d met the man who claimed to have seen some of Better Films movies, footage of us going to the homes of those people we’d interviewed about this, footage of us walking down the street going to and from places.
We make it to the doctor’s office a whopping 20 minutes late. I sheepishly grin and apologize, hoping they can still see her and I don’t have to make another appointment to come back. The front desk ladies’ voices are understanding but their eyes certainly had not been. Perhaps they softened when they saw me juggling a baby car seat with a very loud pink diaper bag falling off of my shoulder repeatedly as I tried to continue to calm her down. Yes, she was still wailing away.
My toes are curled against the cold tile floor. My lungs inhale damp air. I bare my teeth, take one last look at myself, tilt my head and shut my eyes.
“Hello dear.” The man said. “We thought you might like to see your old brain. I mean, now that you have a much better one.”

Terror literally overwhelms me every time I try to fit the pieces of this nightmare together. That email – short, cut off – was it from someone trying to get word out? Some friendly voice desperately trying to warn me before it came? Seen with my own eyes, don’t trust them – exactly what I’ve been so suspicious of. It could have masterful control of all things electronic, practicing its insidious deception to trick me into coming outside. Why can’t it get in? It knocked on the door – it must have some solid presence… the door… the image of those doors in the upper hallway as guardian monoliths flashes back in my mind every time I trace this path of thoughts. If there is some phantom entity trying to get me to go outside, maybe it can’t get through doors. I keep thinking back over all the books I’ve read or movies I’ve seen, trying to generate some explanation for this. Doors have always been such intense foci of human imagination, always seen as wards or portals of special importance. Or perhaps the door is just too thick? I know that I couldn’t bash through any of the doors in this building, let alone the heavy basement ones. Aside from that, the real question is, why does it even want me? If it just wanted to kill me, it could do it any number of ways, including just waiting until I starve to death. What if it doesn’t want to kill me? What if it has some far more horrific fate in store for me? God, what can I do to escape this nightmare?!
The sight of this spurred Luke’s mind into a near frenzy. His once cold lips and limbs began to tingle with a newly panic rush of blood. His legs ridden with holes and exhausted from his long walk, contorted and shook as adrenalin-fuelled his muscles. Though unable to ignore the painful throbbing or swelling of his injuries he pushed and hobbled into what was so close to being a run, yet clumsy and uneven. His eyes burnt red with tears and his teeth were near cracking as he gritted his jaw. He had to get to Gwen and with nothing more than sheer force of will and a primeval wrenching in his heart to protect his wife, he made it to the house and hobbled inside.
“Okay, everyone, you may have noticed that Parker isn’t here today,” she started.

Chapter 2

I clicked out of the video. This had officially gotten too weird. I mean… it was one thing to just coincidentally have the same name as Tracer’s lover in the videos… But to think she was actually talking to me? That was absurd! I shook my head and headed down to my gaming rig. I didn’t feel like streaming, I just wanted to play something. Overwatch was still my favorite, so I opted for that, but I didn’t go with Tracer this time. I picked Genji, the cyborg samurai.
Its silent black sphere lay haphazardly tossed to the side, its lens pointed at the table where this journal lay. An overwhelming terror took me as I realized that if something could see through that camera, it would have seen what I just wrote about that day. I asked her for any one thing about us, and she chose the only thing in the world that I thought they or it did not know… but IT DID! IT DID KNOW! IT COULD HAVE BEEN WATCHING ME THE WHOLE TIME!
“You dirty dog,” said Keaton. “Control yourself.”
We managed to piece a few things together. The earliest encounter anyone seemed to have had with their work seemed to be in the mid-sixties. One person we spoke to claimed that he’d known someone who’d been in a movie for them in the mid-seventies, a porn star who’d been hired right off the set of a film he’d been doing and had gone missing for almost seven months. He’d come back with a lot of cash and a hell of a lot of bad dreams.
“You said ‘please’. Now we’re on a path to conflict resolution.”
It sounded like someone was torturing her to death.
And yet a week later a black bin bag was on the front step of his shop and inside were several tapes, all with the Better Films logo on their labels. We asked him if he still had the tapes and my brother in particular was very insistent that we get to watch them. The man refused and my brother offered him increasingly large sums of money to buy or borrow one of the tapes. Finally, the man just held up a finger to my brother’s lips, before speaking.
The Rag and Bone Man rushed him crashing the back of his huge hand into the side of Luke’s face broadening the already swollen cut on his cheek leaving him punch-drunk and near unconscious. The Rag and Bone Man dragged his limp body and propped Luke on one of the chairs at the table.
Again, I really can’t hold that against them. The whole thing was so bizarre and unsettling that I don’t know that I would have believed it if someone told me about it. They told me they would look into it and said they would be in touch with any developments in the case, anything they managed to turn up. They told me not to worry about my brother, that they were certain he would turn up.
The camera overtook her when the door closed, and pressed her against it. It went dark and I could hear the sound of Tracer’s lips meeting the camera’s lens.
Shawn made it inside the building and was greeted by a friendly nurse at the reception desk who directed him to the security office. An older man, Shawn guessed to be around sixty, introduced himself as Earl Fitzpatrick: Chief of Security. “How are you today, Shawn?”
I waited for the Police to come and talk to me. I wasn’t surprised when they did. It was just one officer. I didn’t catch his name.
“I told you, I have friends that can. One of them is quite the gifted artist.” At this, he pulled a paper from the desk drawer; on it was a near-perfect sketch of the creature I had been seeing. Just the thought of it sent a shiver down my spine.
They checked with her work. They checked flight lists and bus lists. They checked her credit card but it was with her wallet, at home. They searched our apartment top to bottom. They went through her phone, with my permission. Nothing unusual save the fact that apparently she’d been looking up wedding rings – news to me, news I would’ve happily welcomed anyway.
Shawn was about to speak when Riley came to his side and spoke for him. “That’s Air Force man to you! And call him Shawn. He likes that better.”

Julian: No, silly, they all committed suicide!
I made an incision along the body’s chest and set down my scalpel. A look at the lungs would tell me whether or not suffocation had indeed been the cause of death. I began to peel back the skin and muscle. As I did, I looked in shock to see that there was nothing there.
I smiled as I showed him out. Frank had been a very close friend ever since high school, and when prohibition became law, we developed the habit of “misplacing” evidence on occasion after a big case or sometimes just because we felt like it.

A scream tries to escape my mouth, but it can’t. My throat’s plugged. I can’t breathe. Each heaving cough feels like needles jabbing my neck. I need oxygen. My fingers plunge into my throat. They prod something stuck there. I grip it between two fingers and yank it out.
The three of us sat there in silence for quite a while. I felt sick. Shaken up. Luvia looked as if she wished she didn’t have to tell me that. “Is… is there anything I can do to stop it?” I asked. Luvia slid our money back across the table to us.
“I feel slow,” I said.
I closed the door behind me, my eyes held shut and my ears ringing. The hum was surrounding me. As the door clicked into place, the hum was gone. I opened my eyes in surprise and the door I had shut was gone. It was just a wall now. I looked around in shock. The room was identical to room three – the same chair and lamp – but with the correct amount of shadows this time. The only real difference was that there was no exit door and the one I came in through was gone. As I said before, I had no previous issues in terms of mental instability, but at that moment I fell into what I now know was insanity. I didn’t scream. I didn’t make a sound.
The next morning, Kaylee and I had a fight on the way to work.

“Yes, sir?”
I chain-smoked and stared at the walls and the laptop screen. I stayed away from bars and liquor stores – if she came back I didn’t want it to be to a drunk, no matter how fragile I was emotionally, how much I could feel my sanity draining.
Whether or not it was, my son had his senior year to fill as he saw fit. Maybe it was a lingering thread of his earlier desires. Maybe it was a desire to emulate me still further. Maybe it was a pure accident of fate: a pretty girl mentioning a class she was taking, a coin flip, a split-second decision. Whatever the reason, he took a psychology elective this spring. A class about substance abuse. By the time I heard about it, it was past the period to drop it easily, and he was unwilling to put a blemish on an otherwise spotless record. And I was unwilling to force the issue. Of course I tried to convince him, to cajole him, to drop the class. But when he pressed me for reasons why he should bother, I had none to give. So I let the matter rest.
I opened my mouth to call for the nurse, or the doctor, or whoever the hell would listen. Sound wouldn’t form. My vocal chords were betraying me. Nobody would be able to hear me.
A week later in a small town in Alabama, J was fishing in a small stream when a clumsy man bumped into him and fell over. J helped the man to his feet and thought nothing of it as the man left. He wondered if the guy was drunk. Little did J know what was to come. That night he was unusually hungry and ate four times as much as would normally be a feast for him at the buffet he went to. J had never eaten that much at one meal and he was known for his big appetite. After a deep and peaceful night’s sleep, J was shocked to find that he was wearing a thick, rubbery black bodysuit!
A loud burst of thunder made J jump as he was contemplating his gooey and very muscular wardrobe malfunction. When J saw that he was clinging to the ceiling like a big insect he realized he had spider powers. Two large, veiny, and gross-looking lumps had now formed on J’s wrists. These proved to be organic web-shooters! Though formed by the suit, the web-shooters were connected to J’s blood supply as if they were his own organs like his kidneys or liver and their main mass was embedded in each of J’s arms among his arm muscles. It was clear that this situation was permanent. This is gonna be a huge issue, J thought. He could feel other even freakier changes taking place.
He saw, too, that the dent in her skull had stopped gushing. The coagulated blood had formed a gelatinous plug.
I asked what we should do now.
Slowly, I nodded.

Julian: Dunno, it appears that they all died from a gunshot to the head.
“Right, Peter?”
I lowered the phone slowly and leaned against the thick brick wall of the stairwell. That was strange. I looked at my received calls list, but the number was unfamiliar. Before I could think on it further, the phone rang loudly, shocking me yet again. This time, I looked at the caller before I answered. It was another unfamiliar number. This time, I held the phone up to my ear, but said nothing. I heard nothing but the general background noise of a phone. Then, a familiar voice broke my tension.
I saw you, a pale thing, so thin, your eyes so red, at a seat that should have been empty.
“It’s not just any party, it’s a Halloween party,” said Dennis. “You can’t tell me you aren’t just a little bit interested in dressing up.” I looked down at the floor, catching a glimpse of my backpack laying under the cafeteria table. It was true that projects were stressing me out. I supposed it would be fun to spend one night thinking about something else for a change.
That year they took my right hand, but that’s not all they did.
I had to haul all my luggage out of the trunk and throw it on the ground then climb inside and close the lid with what little strength I had left. I hurt all over and I was exhausted, I completely passed out yet again until dawn approached and I heard footsteps outside. Their feet crunched the leaves and circled the wrecked car until someone with a deep voice noticed all my luggage on the ground and began to go through it. I was scared but I stayed still and made sure to not make a single peep, the person let out a disappointed grunt after finding out it the cases were filled with nothing children’s clothes and books but then I heard another person creaking the side of the car to peek into the backseat or into the front and passenger side doors, whistling afterward. The voice was definitely female.
Ms. Hicks lived in a trailer at the end of the pavement on Oak Street. Not the end of the road mind you, just the end of the pavement. That road goes on up into the mountains where it winds through lumber stands and clear-cuts until it splits into so many nameless stretches of gravel and mud that it may very well never end.
Something in the boyish slang of my evidently stricken companion unleashed my faculties. I formed and shouted a resolution, “Warren, brace up! I’m coming down!” But at this offer the tone of my auditor changed to a scream of utter despair:
“We would like your assistance, yes. If we have more Cognizants on hand, we can find Aberrations more quickly, and have you all in different locations keeping an eye on things. We will do all the heavy lifting when it comes to getting rid of the ones that appear. We just need you to be our canary, so to speak.”
I needed more.
There was nothing strange about Amber. She wasn’t too tall or too short. She was of average height and weight. She wasn’t ugly but she wasn’t pretty either and her grades, although passing, were never top marks. She lived in an average house, with an average family, in an average town. Her father worked an average job in insurance and her mother sold Avon to other average housewives. They drove an average Toyota and listened to average music. Everything about her childhood had been bland, stable and entirely average.
“Great. Now let’s all go back to our desks so we can begin class.”
I was kickin’ rocks into the woods, thinkin’ about all that stuff. Seemed like the forest got closer and closer each year, all those yellow trees bowing down towards the house. Sometimes in the spring they would have leaves the size of your hand, and Daddy used to put them in between the pages of a book and scratch ‘em up with a crayon. When he got done doing that with a bunch of ‘em, he’d put ‘em all up on the wall. “Trees used to look like that,” he’d say, “Used to be full of leaves and flowers.” I didn’t know what flowers looked like ‘cept what Daddy would draw up for me. He said the world wasn’t a place for beautiful things anymore, said that’s why me and Sarah-Beth couldn’t play in the woods.
“Help! Somebody help us!”
“Well? What’s going on? Do I need to come over?”
The following day, I came downstairs to the familiar aroma of eggs and bacon. My father always cooked up a hearty breakfast on Sundays. The sight I was greeted with upon entering the dining room, however, was anything but familiar. There, sitting at the table across from my father, was a man in a clean-cut suit, wearing a bowler hat and a striped tie. We rarely entertained visitors, so I was more than a little perplexed.
Our practice was surprisingly large from the very first—large enough to please most young doctors, and large enough to prove a bore and a burden to students whose real interest lay elsewhere. The mill-hands were of somewhat turbulent inclinations; and besides their many natural needs, their frequent clashes and stabbing affrays gave us plenty to do. But what actually absorbed our minds was the secret laboratory we had fitted up in the cellar—the laboratory with the long table under the electric lights, where in the small hours of the morning we often injected West’s various solutions into the veins of the things we dragged from the potter’s field. West was experimenting madly to find something which would start man’s vital motions anew after they had been stopped by the thing we call death, but had encountered the most ghastly obstacles. The solution had to be differently compounded for different types—what would serve for guinea-pigs would not serve for human beings, and different human specimens required large modifications.
I fiddled with the shifter a few times until I figured out which position was reverse and floored it. If I lost the trailer now it wouldn’t matter as long as I could get onto that highway. I cranked the wheel as far as I could to get the truck to turn and back up far enough to allow me to pull onto the road. When I felt I had enough space I fiddled with the shifter again into first gear and took off. My heart was pounding fiercely and I was crying with joy! I couldn’t help but laugh at my unforeseen stroke of luck! Into second gear, into third, faster and faster until I was making distance between myself and that God damned city and most of all, the beast! I didn’t bother looking back, I didn’t care. If I had, I would have seen it. The mass of knarred bodies shifting into existence far behind me now. Spilling onto the highway and following after me as I made my way far from the city. The beast would not let its toy escape so easily.
Cars lined the road next to the park and dozens of people stood in a loose clump on the side of the road. They were all hearing what I had heard last night, unending screams of pain and terror coming from empty air.
Timothy was a good guy with a great heart, but sometimes things get to us, whether it’s curiosity or ego or something else. For him, for the first time in his life, he was ready to face his fears, but he chose the wrong battle.
With Half-and-half in tow, I made my way for the steps that were now wet from my cat’s silent descent into the living room. A draft floated from the top of the stairs. I put my foot on the first step and sucked in a lungful of air to hold my breath, hoping it would last me until I reached the top. I had made my way about halfway up the flight, when I heard the radio in my room click on once again with a static hum, but the interference was steadily being drowned out by the sound of my heart in my ears. I ascended, one stair at a time in between every other heartbeat. Thud thud step. Thud thud step. With Half-and-half going before me, this ritual was repeated another ten times until I reached the top, where I could see the closed door to my room. I let out my stale breath. Moonlight escaped from beneath the gateway and patiently faded on a gradient, melding into the surrounding darkness. I could see puddles on the floor where my cat had stepped, like a trail of breadcrumbs leading me back to where I had begun, and I noticed at once how frigid my toes and fingers had become despite my profuse sweating.
That neatly explains the strange email about eyes that I got. I didn’t get the original triggering email. I got a descendant of it – my friend could have broken down too, and tried to warn everyone he knew against his paranoid fears. That’s how the problem spreads, the psychiatrist claims. I could have spread it, too, with my texts and instant messages online to everybody I know. One of those people might be melting down right now, after being triggered by something I sent them, something they might interpret any way that they want, something like a text saying seen anyone face to face lately? The psychiatrist told me that he didn’t want to ‘lose another one’, that people like me are intelligent, and that’s our downfall. We draw connections so well that we draw them even when they shouldn’t be there. He said it’s easy to get caught up in paranoia in our fast paced world, a constantly changing place where more and more of our interaction is simulated…
He was embarrassed, but he liked the nasty stuff so much. Why couldn’t Mother understand his needs?
Julian: The Mayor has issued a statement telling everyone to stay indoors until the situation has been resolved. If for any reason you do need to go outside, please arm yourself and travel in packs of no less than three.
“You better hurry. They’re tearing it even more as we speak.”
I don’t know who I am.
“Let’s not do this here. It makes me uncomfortable,” she said.
You’ve grown so much. I remember how different you used to look when you were younger.
I cut huge chunks off, but it won’t stop growing. Out of my nipples, my armpits, my legs, head, and even down there, the hair pours out.
When I woke up the next day and saw your name on my arm, I remembered you. I didn’t forget.
* * * * * *
Coco: That coffee fact was disgusting.
If I hadn’t had a job interview I was waiting to hear back from, I’d have never listened to that first call. And that would be it for me.
I look up and Brittany’s holding my hand.
What happened next changed my life forever.

It all begins with something simple. Before long you’ll see the twins, standing side by side in the darkness. The girl on the left will leave, and you’ll be left alone with her smiling twin. And just before you wake up, she’ll whisper “pass it on.” And her smile will widen, ever so slightly.
I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I felt sick to my stomach. Blood gushed out of the wounds as the screams got louder and louder.
“Hello, Jeremy!” she said. This wasn’t how the video was supposed to begin, but I didn’t mind.
I sat by the hospital bed until David regained consciousness. He looked at me with terrified eyes and grabbed my wrist with his remaining hand, his fingernails digging into me.
He grinned at me, and for some reason, that’s what sent me over the edge, and precipitated me putting my plan into place.
The spring flu had been going around the school like usual, but some people were sicker than normal. They didn’t just have fever and headache – their faces were blotchy, their eyes bulged, and they all wheezed like they’d just run up ten flights of stairs without stopping. Cara McCormack was the first one who was really serious, though. I had the pleasure of being in bio with her when she opened her mouth to answer a question, but vomited a fountain of blood instead.
I moan and scream in agony as I fumble my cell phone to call 911. My head spins as I start to lose my breath. I look out of my window and again I see the little girl wearing the dress with daisies. Outside and down the street, staring in the direction of my house. Things tilt sideways, and then the ground rushes up to meet me. I fade away…
Jake stood in the doorway, looking at his parents, and started to cry a little.  “What’s happening?  What’s wrong?”
“Calm down, Julie. Calm down. It’s all right. They probably have our location. They’ll be out here. They can track our location. They’ll be here.”
Make it a headshot. Shoot me in the temple, aiming slightly downwards. I need the bullet to travel the shortest possible distance through my brain before it hits my hippocampus. If I’m lucky, the sensation of the gunshot ripping through my skull will only last a few decades.
“LINDA.  JAKE IS HERE,” his dad bellowed, and Jake’s mom stopped, flinching.
“Well the doctors had only done this procedure once before. They were worried about how you would react once they put someone else’s brain into your head.”

“I’m going to get him back”
As you reach your destination, you breathe a sigh of relief.
About two weeks after we found the Butcherface tapes, we were getting tired with having to lug the VCR up and down those steep attic steps, because Chris’s father for some reason kept asking us to put it back up there when we weren’t using it, when Chris’s younger brother (lets call him Evan), who was going to college for media production, came in to the middle of a conversation about this and mentioned that he could convert the tapes to DVD using equipment at his college. After some haggling and way too much negotiating, that if we (being newly 21 at the time) would pay for the liquor bill for a party that friends of Evan’s were having (who were 19 at the time), he’d do it the next day.
I grabbed Destiny by the leg and dragged her into the computer room. She was heavier than she looked, and she left a trail. Her intestines hung from the wound I’d torn in her belly. But to my relief, they didn’t come spilling out. God… I would’ve been sick if that had happened. The stink of death was already painfully strong. Apparently, the rumor that your bowels evacuate upon death is true. There was another, even worse smell that I couldn’t describe. I wasn’t strong enough to handle that. I had to head to the bathroom to be sick.
I’m still there. I haven’t left. I’ve accepted my fate.
It was left on my desk completely disassembled, with every single part and component neatly, perfectly arranged like it was something straight out of a fucking manual.
“Are you absolutely positive?” one of the officers asked. I nodded.
About 3 miles away down the coast, another suspected “super survivor,” Benjamin, had made camp. In his last scene, he’s fishing along the coast, stick-as-a-rod in hand, and line in the water. He looks up from the river towards the camera, white-faced and wide-eyed, and the video abruptly stops.
“And if it’s not?”
The place was an ancient cemetery; so ancient that I trembled at the manifold signs of immemorial years. It was in a deep, damp hollow, overgrown with rank grass, moss, and curious creeping weeds, and filled with a vague stench which my idle fancy associated absurdly with rotting stone. On every hand were the signs of neglect and decrepitude, and I seemed haunted by the notion that Warren and I were the first living creatures to invade a lethal silence of centuries. Over the valley’s rim a wan, waning crescent moon peered through the noisome vapours that seemed to emanate from unheard-of catacombs, and by its feeble, wavering beams I could distinguish a repellent array of antique slabs, urns, cenotaphs, and mausolean facades; all crumbling, moss-grown, and moisture-stained, and partly concealed by the gross luxuriance of the unhealthy vegetation. My first vivid impression of my own presence in this terrible necropolis concerns the act of pausing with Warren before a certain half-obliterated sepulchre, and of throwing down some burdens which we seemed to have been carrying. I now observed that I had with me an electric lantern and two spades, whilst my companion was supplied with a similar lantern and a portable telephone outfit. No word was uttered, for the spot and the task seemed known to us; and without delay we seized our spades and commenced to clear away the grass, weeds, and drifted earth from the flat, archaic mortuary. After uncovering the entire surface, which consisted of three immense granite slabs, we stepped back some distance to survey the charnel scene; and Warren appeared to make some mental calculations. Then he returned to the sepulchre, and using his spade as a lever, sought to pry up the slab lying nearest to a stony ruin which may have been a monument in its day. He did not succeed, and motioned to me to come to his assistance. Finally our combined strength loosened the stone, which we raised and tipped to one side.
The strain of rabies originated from a drug user who gave a sick pet methamphetamine. I hate to admit, but I was there when it happened. I was such a stupid teenager, and hung around with older guys because I thought I was cool. I never touched the drugs though, and the guys were always entertaining and I was envied by everyone who knew me because I had much older friends. His name was Dave; we’d been hanging out together for about a year and for a drug user, he was actually pretty kept together. I had brought my cat by his house one day as he was very knowledgeable in animal behavior and Ginger had been acting very strange lately. She was aggressive at times, and then incredibly shy, then extremely hyper, But her once calm demeanor was completely gone.
A sharp laugh escapes Brittany’s mouth. The whole cafeteria hears it. The sound bores into my brain and lodges there.
Kent suddenly agreed with the locals that this man must be insane, and backed away a few feet. But the man continued to stare into Kent’s eyes, repeating himself louder and louder.


All I knew then is that it was all far from over.
“They took her,” the man whispered, sending a chill through Kent’s veins.
You’d never really gotten better at talking to people. That was the worst love confession I’d ever heard.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
I remember smellin’ something right foul come off his chest and from the cracked door to his room. “Go get your sister,” he snapped. So I did, and me, Sarah-Beth, and baby Junie stayed in basement until Daddy said it was alright to come on back out.
“Parasitic twins are my favorite kinds of freaks,” Amber continued, ignoring Lara’s reaction, “I bet this was their doll!”

Roger glanced around the desert once more. Nothing but the cloudless sky and the sand scattering in the wind, with a few cacti dotted around the landscape. With nothing else to do, he checked his magazine, already knowing how many bullets he had. Full. Adjusting his helmet, Roger sighed and turned back to face Elliot.
“I think maybe we should go down there.”
After that, I read more of the pages. But nowhere else was any other elaboration about the ceremony to be found and instead I only came across passing references to it. I did notice a sentence where the dead man expressed his wonder about the type of person whose body he was to possess, and the – eminently reasonable, in context – thought of his that it would most likely be either the elderly owner of the apartment or some member of the police forces called upon to investigate his act of suicide did not alarm me in the slightest – despite its potential to acquire a particular meaning, that is one which would involve me in this affair… – and I instead chose to welcome it with a smile.
“You were discharged under less than honorable conditions, Mr. Myers. Now I guess you don’t have to elaborate on that but I have to say I’m curious.”

For Howard, the wedding was one of the happiest days of his life, and Brenda..? Well, Brenda turned up.
We spent most of the next year in the town library together, trying to find out what the fireflies were.
Coco: Y- yeah, it’s… it’s right here.
It’ll be a real stunner; Gemma had crooned to her sobbing daughter on the day that the doctor had confirmed her condition. Surely, it’ll be an instant crowd-pleaser; perhaps it’ll have both a twin and a tail! Your freakish brood will make us a fortune!
“Hey, handsome! Hope you don’t mind I followed you home, you dropped your keys!”
“It’s finally over, im finally back home!”
“Good. We’ll be in touch.”
Have you sat there for hours and felt her skin cool?
I opened the stairwell door and wandered down the hallway. The ten or so thick wooden doors, painted blue a long time ago, were all closed. I listened as I walked, but it was the middle of the day, so I wasn’t surprised that I heard nothing but the rain outside. As I stood there in the dim hallway, listening to the rain, I had the strange fleeting impression that the doors were standing like silent granite monoliths erected by some ancient forgotten civilization for some unfathomable guardian purpose. Lightning flashed, and I could have sworn that, for just a moment, the old grainy blue wood looked just like rough stone. I laughed at myself for letting my imagination get the best of me, but then it occurred to me that the dim gloom and lightning must mean there was a window somewhere in the hallway. A vague memory surfaced, and I suddenly recalled that the third floor had an alcove and an inset window halfway down the floor’s hallway.
If you’re armed and at the Glenmont metro, please shoot me.
For weeks, Erica did not get out of the house, due in no small part to her family’s fear of being caught up in the storm that the tragedy has brought upon their town. Her parents were especially worried. Whereas before she was a top student, now she’s falling behind her class.
Jake desperately wanted to go to school.  It wasn’t just the thought of new friends and an exciting new place, but it was a chance to have something be different.  In all of the shows, classes started on time, and the teachers kept things in order, and things just made sense.  If he had been older, Jake would have said that the reliability of school was what he was yearning for.  Something with structure and dependability that he had been craving for his whole life.
I barely slept, knowing that each passing day brought me closer to that terrible date.
The university wasn’t too thrilled about losing a tenure-track professor, but I was adamant. I’d finish out the semester, and that would be the end of my career in academia. Did it sting a little bit, to abandon my hard-earned degree and former dream job? Of course. But it was the pain of trading a rare treasure for a unique one. Many people have degrees in psychology. Many people hold professorships. But Isaac was one of a kind. Let somebody else be the next James Olds. I had found a higher purpose.
Days 1-38 were normal for Will. Compared to the others, he struggled no more or no less. Typical footage of failed fishing, some successful drop-falls (a way to catch small rodents). But he wasn’t desperate enough yet to eat insects. From the looks of it, he was doing well. No real mental struggle. Not even a single “night scare,” which is what we call the footage participants take when they’re awakened by a rummaging animal – usually a mouse or other small rodent, but sometimes a wild hog or bear gets nosy. He’d talk about missing his family – his parents and brothers and sister – but every participant does that. But something happened on day 58 that seemed to change Will.
“So that’s how you guys get rid of the Aberrations?” I asked.
J’s stomach rumbled. He was strangely hungry again. He jumped down from the ceiling and began to prepare his breakfast in spite of what was happening to him. J had fifty pounds of fish in his freezer from multiple successful fishing trips. Only after frying and baking and then eating it all in one sitting did he realize he’d eaten all of it. He also drank many gallons of water. Why is this happening? It must be this blasted suit! Where did this THING come from?! As these thoughts raced through his mind, J could swear he felt his bones DISSOLVING and turning into muscle. And his hopelessly non-removable suit was growing! “I need to get to the doctor!” However, he could not stop himself from falling asleep after his massive meal.
Coco: Do these things just happen and no one questions it?
***
Luvia’s been wrong before.
A few moments later before i was fully asleep, i heard my door creak open, i didn’t want to open my eyes to look so i stay laying in bed pretending to be asleep. A man approached me and once reaching the bed he leapt on top of me, covering my mouth with a rag that i suppose was drugged. I became woozy and dazed and could not struggle or fight him, nor could i scream for help. He threw the blankets off me and shredded my clothes off me piece by piece. He tossed aside the rag since i was already drugged enough and placed a ball gag in my mouth. I was so frightened that i should have been trembling and sobbing but i couldn’t do anything. I was frozen in terror and could only watch the man have his way with me. For a moment my vision became clear and i got a good glimpse of the man’s face. It was the guy at the front desk who gave me the key to the room. The owner of the motel. He was nude and rubbing his erect penis against me ready to rape me, and in one hand he held a large knife. He flipped me onto my stomach and plunged his penis into my hindquarters. Thankfully i could not feel a thing. But still the whole thing was just too much, just too wrong. But when he stuck the knife into my back several times while still molesting me, i felt nothing but agony. So much sharp pain that i managed to let out a loud terrified scream through the ball gag that easily would have woken everyone else in the establishment. And thats when he pressed the cold bloodied knife against my throat, and sliced it open….
“Are you okay?”
Upon reaching the otter part of the city, I noticed a large sign with an arrow painted on it. I thought of the tape, remember the guy had said there would be signs of where they are. I didn’t think it would be so literal. I took a left onto the road the arrow pointed to and drove another five minutes. The road led me to a tiny one pump gas station. There was no way the pump still works,It was on the wall, right in front of me, over my bed, hung like a painting. It had one limp hand draped, with bony, serpentine fingers, just above the clock, and its skeletal body cast an eerie glow into the dusty haze that had formed around it. I could feel Half-and-half’s muscles tense up in my arms. I took a pace forward, feeling a pearl of cold sweat slink down my brow. Its massive bulging eyes pinpointed directly onto me, tracing my movements, and its starchy white hair drifted lethargically across its decayed visage, that maybe at one time appeared human. From behind rows of cracked teeth, water pooled up and sluggishly dripped onto my bed from its maw, which now hung painfully agape and unnaturally crooked to one side. I silently passed closer to the radio, casting my face away from the translucent apparition. The woman’s chatter turned into furious shrieks, and I slapped the radio off of the nightstand, unplugging it in the fall.
In the lone silence of that hoary and deserted city of the dead, my mind conceived the most ghastly phantasies and illusions; and the grotesque shrines and monoliths seemed to assume a hideous personality—a half-sentience. Amorphous shadows seemed to lurk in the darker recesses of the weed-choked hollow and to flit as in some blasphemous ceremonial procession past the portals of the mouldering tombs in the hillside; shadows which could not have been cast by that pallid, peering crescent moon. I constantly consulted my watch by the light of my electric lantern, and listened with feverish anxiety at the receiver of the telephone; but for more than a quarter of an hour heard nothing. Then a faint clicking came from the instrument, and I called down to my friend in a tense voice. Apprehensive as I was, I was nevertheless unprepared for the words which came up from that uncanny vault in accents more alarmed and quivering than any I had heard before from Harley Warren. He who had so calmly left me a little while previously, now called from below in a shaky whisper more portentous than the loudest shriek:
“Oh, that?” asked Dr. Jansen as he started to laugh again. Even Riley chuckled. “That’s Mildred. She’s been here longer than I have.” He sighed, then continued. “That’s just what she does. Take your eyes off of her for more than a minute and there she goes, screaming for help. She’s a permanent patient. She fell off of a horse in the early ‘90s and developed some brain damage. She’s selectively mute.”
Well, I’m definitely not going to be driving anywhere after what happened earlier. So I turn on some Netflix for me and my kiddo. I pop some popcorn for myself and sit down next to her on the couch.
“Real son of a bitch thing to do, if you ask me,” Roger said, still smiling.
I sat down in front of him, and listened as he laid everything out.
I can’t tell you how glad I am, because after I spoke up, he turned around to face me and my insides seized up with cold terror.
If I decided to read one of the countless pages it was only because time seemed to barely pass at all, but one look was enough for me to realize they constituted the journal of the dead man. Indeed. my idea to pry at anything of the kind was quite aberrant, given that I was never meant to read those pages, and I do believe that I was reacting to the fact that my rank in the force categorically forbid me from having even a passing look at such documents – and what made this urge to see them all the harder to resist was my awareness of the imminent arrival of my superior officer – after which it would obviously be impossible for me to do anything of the kind.

I’m not sure if I hung up or she did. I looked out my window, trying to see the hikers. They were quiet now. They probably heard it too. I felt like I was in a daze. I stumbled over to my sofa and sat stiffly. My laptop was open next to me, half-finished work on the glowing screen. I deleted it and started typing. I’m not sure why. No one saw this coming; maybe I could warn someone. I typed frantically, fingers moving faster than in all the work I had ever done. Then, a flash, and my lights went out. The only light was the glow of the screen. My fingers could still move, but I couldn’t stand up. I could talk. I know because I screamed.
“Boys…” he began, and cleared his throat. “Men, I have something to show you.”

Caleb, although not much obvious, was dazzled to be with this charming girl. A mischievous idea formed in his head. He stands up, takes off his shirt, pants then dives into the water. Erica was dumbfounded at first. She watched him swim, his lean torso coming in and out of the water. He calls out to her, saying how fun it was.
“What?” I said.
“Are you crazy?” I say. “If I wax my arms they’ll make even more fun of me because they’ll know they made me do it.”
The only remaining subject that could speak started screaming to be sealed in now. His brainwaves showed the same flatlines as one who had just died from falling asleep. The commander gave the order to seal the chamber with both subjects inside, as well as 3 researchers. One of the named three immediately drew his gun and shot the commander point blank between the eyes, then turned the gun on the mute subject and blew his brains out as well.
Howard grew up in the small town of Dakenby, the son of average parents of average wealth. In fact everything about Howard’s life was decidedly average. Even his job; an accountant. He was a stand up comedian’s wet dream.
“You want my advice, you stay away from him, Miss. Things he’s looking into, you don’t want nothing to do with.”

George turned his head to look at Jimmy, his expression a big question mark. “What, like silk worms? I’ve never heard of an infestation like that before.”
Russian researchers in the late 1940s kept five people awake for fifteen days using an experimental gas based stimulant. They were kept in a sealed environment to carefully monitor their oxygen intake so the gas didn’t kill them, since it was toxic in high concentrations. This was before closed circuit cameras so they had only microphones and 5 inch thick glass porthole sized windows into the chamber to monitor them. The chamber was stocked with books, cots to sleep on but no bedding, running water and toilet, and enough dried food to last all five for over a month.
“What’s wrong?” Keaton asked rhetorically.
“Who are you calling?” I asked.
“What carnival?” a waitress chimed in. “The one last weekend?”
In a few weeks, I hadn’t forgotten about it, but I had moved on to other things. I was a man who liked his variety after all. I’d given up looking for SpriteShark, and just accepted I’d found all that he’d made. Then, on my usual forum, I found another video. I only clicked on it because I liked the thumbnail, and only recognized that it was SpriteShark’s work after the fact. The video was the same quality as last time, and absolutely breathtaking.
“Carter! for the love of God, put back the slab and get out of this if you can! Quick!—leave everything else and make for the outside—it’s your only chance! Do as I say, and don’t ask me to explain!”
I know it was “just” one finger, but how do you come to terms with something like that?
To be honest, we aren’t sure what happened to Will. You see, we arrived at his camp on day 90, and Will wasn’t there. That’s not all that uncommon; sometimes we get there and they’re off hunting. We checked the GPS for the phone, but it was nowhere to be found. We waited in camp all day until it started getting dark. We had already loaded Will’s belongings, including the camera equipment, into the boat. A couple of guys stayed behind in a tent to see when he’d show up. He never did.
“Your breathing,” he answered her question as she drank.
News came to London in the year 1820 of a series of brutal murders which had been committed throughout the neighboring counties. Reports that a monstrous man – broad, roughly six-foot-seven in height – had been seen close by to almost a dozen of these incidents. The consistent descriptions of this figure coupled with the bizarrely gruesome conditions in which the victims’ bodies were found gave this hellish figure his name.
There really wasn’t any other answer I could have given her.
He nodded. “Oh, yes,” he said. “Definitely. Baby teeth.”
“Well, you do have a point. It’s just for fun, so why not?”
“Nah, Keaton,” said Peter, shaking his head and fidgeting with his fingers. “Come on, man.”
2014.
I started down the staircase, counting each step. 24 steps later I was down. I could only see about ten feet in front of myself, periodically being able to see further down as the emergency lights were spinning. I glanced back up for a second at the light above but started to inch along the wall toward the end of the hallway where the logging computer was. I began to feel the energy from before all around myself. It felt like something was wherever I wasn’t looking. I convinced myself the quicker I moved, the sooner I could get out of there and back to the Aurora. I began to step with intent toward the computer. I could feel something at the end of the hallway behind me. I broke out into a run in panic. I couldn’t bear to turn around. It was there. It was clear as day now but felt dark and glaring. I rushed to type in my login credentials and there was information left on the drive. Slightly amazed, I transferred the data to my drive and waited for disconnection. It started to make its way down the hallway. My body was now shaking and sweating. The stress was unlike anything I had felt. It was projecting it onto me like it was toying with me. The drive was only halfway downloaded as I began to have a breakdown. I started verbally whispering to myself for the drive to hurry up as if that was going to help. When it finished I could feel it directly behind me. My body chilled to the core. I couldn’t move. I could feel it on my neck, touching me with the intent to terrify me.
“They’re not all like that, though,” I said. “I mean, there’s got to be some good ones out there.”
As I mentioned, the beast seems to toy with its food, or at very least toy with me. Part of me believes my beloved Ginger is still in there someplace, and she simply wants to play. I know better though, and my common sense outweighs that passing hope. After a few moments of watching for any sign that I wasn’t alone, I began to inspect the inside of the cabin. I pulled open the glove compartment, nothing but papers, two mildly crumpled cigarettes, and a piece of gum. “A lot of good cigarettes do without a lighter”, I thought to myself. Upon first glance, there was nothing of use and I felt my heart sink as once again my escape from this damned city was prevented. I sighed, hanging my head a bit, and that’s when I noticed the compartment between the seats.
Baby teeth.
I got up and followed the agents back to the elevator and up to the surface. When we stepped out of the shack, Big Guy was still there, watching me. All of his eyes followed as I walked over to the car. They kept following us as they drove me back home. Things were going to get very interesting.
After about ten seconds, he got control of himself and said “Boulder?  Oh, friend, you’re quite aways from Boulder!  It’s about sixty miles north of here!  But you had the good fortune for God to bring you to me, so you’re not bad off.”
It’s eyes were on me.
As I lay there falling asleep, thinking angry thoughts about what I would do if I could get my hands on that creature, I could have sworn I heard the scritch of tiny feet on the floorboards beneath the bed.
Kaylee and I had known each other for two years before we fell in love at first sight. I moved to Oregon in 2012 and got a job at a little factory. I’m not going to name names, but we make fruit baskets. She was a receptionist and the first person I saw on my first day. Every day, for six hundred days, I walked past her desk and we said hello and generally ignored one another.
“I’m probably too big,” Kent replied. “I’d just get in the way.” He didn’t want his son to see him squeal like a little girl if a fake spider were to pop out of nowhere.
Roger briefly looked back towards Mark and favored him with his perpetual smile.  “Oh, it had just thawed out a bit more than I expected.  Lots of juices loose in the packaging and I had a bit of a spill!”  He turned back and resumed his whistling.
I flung open my front door, bolted through the front gate and down the street never looking back. I couldn’t make sense of anything I had just seen. My brother was probably dead, being torn to pieces right now by the victor of the fight on the stairs. My mother was defiantly dead and my dad was going to be so upset. I had tried to call him as I ran down the street but he never answered calls at work. I left several voicemails between winded breaths pleading for him not to go home. About a mile down the road I was too exhausted to go any further. I collapsed to the sidewalk, chest heaving in pain, sweet dripped to the ground and still completely lost in images playing through my mind. Dave’s house was close by, only a few more blocks. I wanted to punch him in the face. This whole event was his fault! My mother and brother are dead because of him!
“I’m going out,” he said, voice shaking. “We’re right by the front doors, we can get out. Come on, who’s with me? This is insane!”
I laughed. “Where did you get that from?” I demanded to know.
From it’s mouth came a droning croaking noise, rising in volume as it’s anger grew. It’s arms were out at its sides, stretched towards me.
“No, I don’t think he is.”
His words only served to confuse and unsettle me further. I felt a… presence of sorts draw closer. I felt it more clearly than I had felt anything in my semi-conscious state. It felt… foul. Like stepping into a pit of slugs with your bare feet, or the squirming of maggots beneath skin. It was so distinct, there was almost a color to the presence: A strange, purplish-red. I imagine the ruptured organs the doctors had to scrape out of my body had a similar color.

It happened on Saturday evening. We were lounging lazily in the backyard, deep into the beer, having just finished with some grilled steaks, when I got a text from work.
“She just misses Mamma, I think.”
I can stay here, good.
You stand up slowly, not daring to take your eyes off of the way out this time. You slowly make your way down the hallway, into the room you started in. As you reach the elevator, you quickly press the button. It only took about 30 seconds for the elevator to reach you, but at the time, it seemed like hours.
Julian: It may not be the best town but it is the only town.
Coco: Sure, and thanks, Julian.
That wasn’t the only call. Throughout the years, they were few and far between, but always right. And I always listened.
Up to this point, I figured the rooms were going to get scarier, but this was a paradise compared to the last room. I also assumed whatever was in room four stayed back there. I was incredibly wrong.
“We’re not gonna get anywhere, like this,” he said. He sounded like a disappointed schoolteacher.
They ran a series of tests on me. The physical tests were fun. They made me juggle three balls. Then four. Then six. I had no problem keeping six balls in the air because they seemed to be moving so slowly. It was boring, frankly, waiting for each ball to move through its arc so I could catch it (with my slow-motion hands) and toss it back into the air. They threw cheerios in the air and I caught them with chopsticks. They dropped a handful of coins and I counted the total value before they hit the ground.
The chicken-scratch handwriting read: West Wing needs help, THEY NEED HELP!!

“I understand,” she said, “duty calls.”
The waiting was gruesome, but West never faltered. Every now and then he applied his stethoscope to the specimen, and bore the negative results philosophically. After about three-quarters of an hour without the least sign of life he disappointedly pronounced the solution inadequate, but determined to make the most of his opportunity and try one change in the formula before disposing of his ghastly prize. We had that afternoon dug a grave in the cellar, and would have to fill it by dawn—for although we had fixed a lock on the house we wished to shun even the remotest risk of a ghoulish discovery. Besides, the body would not be even approximately fresh the next night. So taking the solitary acetylene lamp into the adjacent laboratory, we left our silent guest on the slab in the dark, and bent every energy to the mixing of a new solution; the weighing and measuring supervised by West with an almost fanatical care.
Jaxson was a certified redneck and he could be as mean as poison when he drank, but Amber gave as good as she got. They fought constantly, but after they smacked each other up good and plenty, the quality of the make-up sex was worth every punch, every kick, every bite. For nearly three years things were good – or what qualified as good in their very un-traditional (totally non-average) relationship – until Jaxson discovered OxyContin.
Collin: So he handed me this ticket and the price of this thing was way out of my range.

Howard was not a wealthy man but had saved most of his money up till now as his lifestyle had been meagre. This changed, in the coming months he started spending with vigour, his savings diminishing with every additional gift he bought for Brenda. “The smile on her face is worth all that I own” he would tell others. However, Howard was aware of the gossip mongers, the trouble makers who had nothing to do but spread their vicious rumours. They would say that Brenda was only with him for what she could get; that she was nothing but a gold digger!
“Past where they paint the houses… past where they paint the houses… PAST WHERE THEY PAINT THE HOUSES!”
“Mr. Brown, you don’t happen to have dreams of a “sunken city” underwater, do you? Black figures moving below as green lights shine?”
The following night, I walked downstairs to the kitchen for a glass of milk, only to find Mr. Grovewood chowing down on a raw steak from the freezer. I asked him about it, and all he said was, “It’s just a little midnight snack. Trust me; a little color does the body good.” Needless to say, I ran back to my room in a hurry, without my milk.
When Tina left me at my doorstep she tried to make light of the readings. “How does she know who I’m going to marry?” she asked. “And it’s not like some monster’s going to get you. Some skin-shedding, bloody, sharp—it’s not like some monster’s going to get you. It’s not like… some monster isn’t going to get you.”

I looked up from the newspaper…
I guess that’s what you could say happened to me, I didn’t snap like most killers out there. Sure I endured trauma and a little pain but nothing that ever turned me into what I am today. The line between reality and fantasy became so blurred to me that I let my mind take control of my body yet at the same time I was conscious of the wrong that I was doing. But I couldn’t stop. I didn’t know how to anymore.
There had been no trigger to speak of, the meeting was going just fine, I was alone in my well-lit office, surrounded by plants and art.
I would be expecting them.
The town was small but spread out. Houses were a little run-down but charming with their white trim and pastel paint jobs. Kent couldn’t immediately see if there was a police station around, so he decided to check out the local eatery to ask where it was. As he walked through the entrance, a little bell rang and all the patrons turned to see who was coming in. They didn’t seem happy to see a tourist.
“No,” he said. “She… she looked exactly like you. I can’t tell you how much she… and she sounded like you. We were talking, I thought it was you, I—I walked into her apartment, she was talking to me like she knew me. I started looking around her apartment. Everything was different. Everything was out of place. Everything was… stranger. I don’t know. I can’t describe it. She looked like you. She looked exactly like you.”
As I pulled up to my house, I felt uneasy. The joy of leaving NoEnd House had faded and dread was slowly building in my stomach. I shook it off as residual from the house and made my way to the front door. I entered and immediately went up to my room. There on my bed was my cat, Baskerville. He was the first living thing I had seen all night and I reached to pet him. He hissed and swiped at my hand. I recoiled in shock, as he had never acted like that. I thought, “Whatever, he’s an old cat.” I jumped in the shower and got ready for what I was expecting to be a sleepless night.
THE END

* * * * * *
Collin: He eventually peeled my grip off of his shirt and straightened his collar. That’s when I looked at his face, It was so… so empty. It looked like he was channeling everything in his body to not break down.
“That’s so sad. Do you mind if I ask who it was?”
“No, Mother. I never, ever watched her. I promise I didn’t.”
“Kanagi…Rukia…your father would have been proud of you.”  Laura could hear the other woman’s breath hitch quietly, just short of an actual sob.  It was a noise she often made herself when she needed to keep her composure in a haze of emotion.  Although it was customary for commanding officers to refer to their crew by their secondary names, Dimitri had been doing it his entire career.  It was a rare treat to hear your first name coming from his lips.
Julian: Collin? You okay, buddy?
Stood in the dark, in one corner of the room was another woman. She was dressed in a tuxedo, with a featureless white latex mask over her face. There were no eye holes in the mask and yet somehow, as she stood there motionless in the dark, I felt that she was looking at us. That she could see us, could see me. That she was studying me intently, watching me very closely indeed.
Sarah-Beth had been in the basement for a while, figured she would be there all night if Daddy wound up falling asleep. So I tip toed over the glass and to the basement door where I could hear Sarah-Beth tapping her toes against the wood. Screwin’ open the deadbolt, I peeked my head in, and the door stopped on its hinges when it bumped into Sarah-Beth who was sittin’ on the steps.
* * * * * *
“Girls are overrated,” he said when he was over at my Mom’s house once. I was in the middle of High School at the time. We were playing co-op on the original Halo, in the middle of the swamp level. “I mean, they’ve got it made. They just flash their tits and smile and people do anything for them. Do you have any idea how fucking manipulative women are?”
We fell asleep in a supply closet – the one place that was free of rotting bodies. I faded in and out of nightmares, listening to Katie’s rhythmic breathing.
Coco: But I don’t have any friends.
A few years ago, as a struggling, new reporter, I had the opportunity, or, perhaps, misfortune, to be sent to cover the war in Syria. It was at its height, and our involvement there was going over in a… less than stellar manner at home. Which horse should one back under those circumstances?
My spine becomes cold steel.
“Sure, Jim, sure. I get that. I guess that’s not even what I’m talking about. It’s just… you weren’t there. At the scene. There was just….” David looked around the room, though there was nobody else there. “Something felt off,” he said. “That’s all.”
I try to pull away, but her grip is vice-like.
“Yes,” I said, still not wanting to look at her. I knew what I was about to do, and I was starting to doubt myself. I wanted to ask her about herself. I wanted to find out who she was, why she was doing this. I’m sure no one had ever asked before. God, was I going crazy?
A cargo van was haphazardly parked about ten feet off of an old dirt road in the middle of the forest. Its sides were emblazoned with identical logos that read, “K-Pow Extermination.” A pale skinned man sat stiffly in the front seat. The top of his skull was ripped open like the top of a pan of Jiffy Pop. Chubby, white worms, engorged with brain matter, squirmed inside of the man’s exposed skull. They wiggled here and there all over his lap, and the front seats of the van.
“I’m going to get out of here.”
I spent an hour, in my time frame, descending into the subway and running to the platform. Endless tedium waiting the six minutes for the red-line train to arrive. Although there was more to look at on the metro platform than inside the elevator, it was still intensely boring. I should have stolen that copy of Moby Dick.

While there, I spent a lot of time among the locals who frequently kept me up to date on the gossip and urban legends swirling around the area. One name in particular was brought up time and time again: “Tabib Al’alam,” which meant “Pain Doctor.” I asked everyone if they had seen this Pain Doctor, and was pointed in the direction of an elderly woman and her granddaughter.
Keaton looked at her and shrugged. “Let you go? You’re free to go at any time. No one’s stopping you. Right, Billy?”
My entire body was shaking. I wanted to pass out. I was stuck there. A cell phone with no service, in a room with no exit. My eyes scanned the room, and landed on the door across the room. A gold ‘1′ was mounted on the front; it looked like a room door in a hotel. The ground felt far away as I walked closer to the door. In a few moments I was within inches of it, and I placed my head against the wood and listened. All I heard was distant Halloween music. Just creepy instrumental music you’d hear at any haunted house. Suddenly I got a little calmer. David was always known for his pranks. He would tell me about these elaborate setups he and his friends would make for the new players on their soccer team. Somehow a smile found its way onto my face, and I opened the door without fear.
Julian: That’s so sweet! You must have really loved him.
“No, I won’t, brother.”
I pushed her back before stumbling away from the screen, away from the monstrosity that was now partially through it. I spied the door to the computer room and bolted, but her inhumanly long fingers caught me by the arm.
“I’m sure the local burger joint is just desperate for someone to mop their floors and clean out their grease traps.
* * * * * *
“I know what you’re after. I know what you’re thinking. So I’m gonna tell you this and then you’re gonna leave my store.
She and my brother spoke at length for some time. I was not allowed to listen in or take part in whatever they were talking about but after a while they stepped out of the lounge and my brother asked to speak with me alone for a moment.
I waited until a lull in which he set aside the two pieces of tile and turned to pick up another. It was a large pile. How much of his house was he tiling, I wondered. We have the same floorplan. The bathrooms and kitchen are quite small.
“Well, we’re just gonna go in circles, then,” I said. “Forget it. Can you please just drive?”
“Call 9-1-1,” I said.

Almost as if mother nature had coordinated for her benefit alone, the cloud-cover was practically non-existent.  Even at the distance they had already traveled, the outline of the North and South American landmasses were clearly discernible in the sunlight bathed side of the Earth, brown and green against the brilliant blues and aqua-marine of the oceans.  They had, of course, traveled too far to make out any of the footprints of mankind: cities, monuments and the like…or so she thought.   A flash of blinding light from somewhere on the US east coast flared out as bright as the sun leaving spots on the back of her eyelids when she reflexively squeezed them shut.
The cognitive tests were less fun, but very illuminating. Finish a fifty-word word search (three seconds). Solve an intricate maze drawn onto a poster-sized paper (two seconds). View a slide show projected at ten images per second and answer detailed questions about what I saw (95% correct).
“Hello?”
I stumbled through the door mentally exhausted and physically weak. The door behind me closed and I realized where I was. I was outside. Not outside like room five, but actually outside. My eyes stung. I wanted to cry. I fell to my knees and tried but I couldn’t. I was finally out of that hell. I didn’t even care about the prize that was promised. I turned and saw that the door I just went through was the entrance. I walked to my car and drove home, thinking of how nice a shower sounded.
Keaton shook his head at me and smirked and waved the knife around. “Uh-uh, uh-uh, it’s a dare,” he said.
I couldn’t stop laughing. I laughed for what seemed like hours. I laughed as I walked out to my car and laughed as I drove home. I laughed as I pulled into my driveway. I laughed as I opened my front door to my house and laughed as I saw the small ten etched into the wood.
“Testing?” she asked, hoping to get some sense, any sense, of the nature of the hell into which she had been thrust.
I was disgusted beyond words, but before I got to defend myself from those accusations, everyone seemed to accept it as the truth.
“You know anything about engines?” I asked. Silence ensued. Julie pulled her cellphone out and started typing away.
And then suddenly her arm shot out, grabbing me by the leg, her faces inches from mine. The grin was gone now, replaced by a look of pure terror, of the worst kind of fear I had ever seen on another person’s face. Her eye darted side to side, her body shook. I could feel the blood from her fresh injuries soaking into my clothes.
The sentence wheezed shut from Luke’s mouth as he stopped dead twelve feet shy of the man’s position. Luke cursed himself for not trusting his initial judgment of not approaching the man, but if he had been hurt, Luke would have wanted to help him in some way – he would have wanted to help anyone. A noble notion though not for the first time may have put him in a less than desirable position.
“I thought you said you can’t see him. How do you know what he looks like?”
“You’re not getting anything, are you?” asked the ESA line who had been listening the entire time.
“Damn her. Damn them all. Why did she have to hurt Peg? Why?”
* * * * * *
“I’ll see you on Monday! I’m just going to go get some sleep!” I shouted out the window as I started the engine.
I got out an older, less functional webcam that I had in my closet to video chat with my friend online. I couldn’t really explain to him why I wanted to video chat, but it felt good to see another person’s face. He couldn’t talk very long, and we didn’t talk about anything meaningful, but I feel much better. My strange fear has almost passed. I would feel completely better, but there was something… odd… about our conversation. I know that I’ve said that everything has seemed odd, but… still, he was very vague in his responses. I can’t recall one specific thing that he said… no particular name, or place, or event… but he did ask for my email address to keep in touch. Wait, I just got an email.
“I haven’t, actually. Not in several months. Sorry for the invasion, I don’t usually just drop by like this, but I was wondering if I could see her?”
Elliot scowled. “What are you? What the fuck even are you?!”
We drove for what seemed like hours. I know we were a good ways outside of the city by the time we pulled up to a small shack off a dirt road. I looked up at the horizon as I got out of the car. Over the tops of the trees, I could barely see the top of the giants head. One of the eyes on top was still looking right at me.
“Peter, can you help me out here?”
Apparently, what had happened was when Ellis punched me in the face, he got some of my blood on his knuckles. It was tested and traced back to me. They searched my car while I was at work one day and found the remains of the bat, which had his DNA all over it.
The next mornin’ I noticed that Junie didn’t look too good. She’d turned real pale and didn’t want to eat. I tried to ask Daddy what we should do, but he was in his room takin’ care of Momma and said that he was busy. All the chores were already done, and Sarah-Beth was still sore from the day before. She didn’t want to play. So me and baby Junie went for a walk, ‘cuz I thought that it might make her feel a little better to get some fresh air and see the pigs. We were walking to the pen when Junie started cryin’, and she threw up.
There were muffled protests, followed by the distinct noise of lips separating.
He kicked off his shoes, pulled his sweater off, and headed toward his bathroom. I settled in. Looked around their home.
“This is command, please report.”
The man ignored the command and quickly sped away down an alley, disappearing into the cluttered darkness. Henrinson didn’t give chase. He began to shake. His legs crumbled beneath his weight, and he fell to the ground. Tears began forming in the corners of his eyes. His gun remained aimed where the man had been.
The participants are supposed to tape every day – and preferably as much as possible – so that we can splice together a ton of shots. Nature shots, instructional shots to show how they created their cabins, weapons, or the trinkets like necklaces that some of them enjoy making to pass the time. The next video from Will came on day 70.
After a few moments of silence, Lara asked, “Do you think it’s a boy or a girl?”
“Well, where the fuck is she?”
“No, no, not a nightmare,” the translator interrupted. “I’m sorry. The translation is confusing. What she said was more like ‘The place dreams go to die.’”
I reached down and unclipped my seatbelt, at the same time shoving the car door open. I rolled out as the car was turned over and lifted into the air. Goddammit. I’ve got to go.
“The thing that will kill you is shedding its skin.”
His documentaries were much the same. He would either film about gang crime, serial killers and rapes or else create disjointed scenes. He once filmed a dog, starving and injured on the street for several hours. Just filming it struggling to move, to breathe. Just filmed the thing’s pain. Some nights when I went down to get a glass of water I would see him sat there in the lounge, in the dark, watching these movies he made. Just staring at the screen.
Keaton held my head down to the floor for several more moments. My spine ached from the awkward position I was in. Peter sighed with relief. Keaton and Billy both snickered.
“1030?” She asked.

Nothing.
The goblin sits across from us. There must be nowhere else to sit. Normally, Brittany and her Mimi’s wouldn’t be caught dead near me and my sister.
“Shawn! Shawn, are you okay?” It was Dr. Jansen, running worriedly toward Shawn from inside. He was followed by a nurse Shawn had never met before. Shawn said nothing at first. He wasn’t sure what they had seen.
Debate broke out among the researchers and the military forces funding the research. Unable to provoke any more response using the intercom it was finally decided to open the chamber at midnight on the fifteenth day.
It took a few seconds of adjustment before Elliot’s eyes could make out anything. The cavern walls were covered in bizarre etchings, stretching out across the ceiling. Strange footprints were etched in the sand where Elliot’s boots lay, not like that of another soldier or animal. Elliot traced his hand across the marks. The longer he looked, the more similar they looked to words or phrases. He could just make one of them out.
I always liked mysteries, odd things that can’t be explained. When I was drinking – and this routine rarely wavered in all the years I spent staring at the bottoms of bottles and tumblers – I would start the night off reading some novel or other, but by the time I was in my cups pretty well it always ended in the same place: detective stories, unresolved things. Ripley’s Believe it or Not.
Erica absolutely despised unhygienic people. Just thinking about the slightest chance of her physically touching a “dirty” person chilled her spine.
  I repeat to you, gentlemen, that your inquisition is fruitless. Detain me here forever if you will; confine or execute me if you must have a victim to propitiate the illusion you call justice; but I can say no more than I have said already. Everything that I can remember, I have told with perfect candour. Nothing has been distorted or concealed, and if anything remains vague, it is only because of the dark cloud which has come over my mind—that cloud and the nebulous nature of the horrors which brought it upon me.
CREDIT: Anonymous
I saw no good reason to tell the truth about what had happened. Who would believe that one look at my wife’s “real” face would make somebody insane? At best, we would be the subjects of a long investigation; at worst, we would have to prove that what we were saying was true, by showing somebody Samantha’s face. Then the same thing would happen again, and what after that? I had no idea, and no interest in finding out. For Samantha’s part, I knew that she would never consent to show anybody her real face, no matter what the consequences of refusal were.
“So you’re going to murder me now, right?” I quipped. I was losing my shit, but trying to retain a facade.
Someone shouted a warning as a group of teachers rounded the corner. Katie seized my hand, and we took off at a dead run. Kids fanned out all over the school trying to escape. We banged on every door, but to no avail – they were locked and blocked off. I saw Mr. Claeys running full-tilt towards us, so I panicked and dragged Katie into the first open classroom I saw, and we piled chairs against the door to keep him out.
* * * * * *
My best friend is in a psychiatric hospital under suicide watch. He’s completely blind and mostly catatonic, except when he slips into a violent, babbling mania. The doctors are optimistic that his state is temporary, but they don’t know the truth about what caused it, because I told the paramedics that Chris had taken a large dose of psychedelic mushrooms and fallen into psychosis.
Have you ever screamed and sobbed to an empty universe when you felt her heart stop beating?

Inside the house, there were occasional sounds coming out of the kitchen, something like a drinking glass on wood.  That meant his mother was in there, but he didn’t know where his father was.  Probably in the bedroom.  Jake pulled the blanket tighter around himself, shivering a little, and continued to stare out through the window.
But honestly, I was sort of hoping that someone else would be the one to call in a complaint. It was highly likely. Someone kept calling the police on another neighbor because they don’t like how he parks his pickup truck with the trailer in front of his house. Which I think is ridiculous. He runs his own lawn care business. This isn’t some hoity-toity white-collar neighborhood with a HOA that tells you what color your slate shingles have to be so all the houses have a uniform look when viewed from the nearby golf course.
“Let’s collect phones,” said Keaton.

After several hours of trying, the father calmed him down enough to recount the events of the previous days. He remembered waking up in the middle of the forest and seeing nothing but bent trees, and six corpses. They were all the corpses of his friends, each with a fountain of crimson spurting from the depths of their open jaws. The sight of them like that caused him to turn away for fear of disgorging his stomach and dishonoring them. As he did, he noticed the plant sitting nearby, looking almost the same as it had before. There was one noticeable difference. The plant had a red flower upon it, with a red stem. The son went up to inspect the flower, believing that this difference must have been indicative of what had happened to his friends. He was correct in that assumption, although he soon wished he had not thought to check it. The petals of the flower were blood-soaked tongues, while the stem was made up of the twisted vocal cords that connected to the flower’s petals. The man leaped back in horror and retched. Upon hearing the noise, the flower sprang to life, moving from the twisted roots to look him in the eye. The young warrior remained rigid, fearing the same fate as his fallen comrades. The plant began to retract back into its original position, eliciting a sigh of relief from the terrified warrior. As if alerted by the noise, the plant shot back towards him, spraying a torrent of black liquid from between its petals. The man screamed as the liquid burned his eyes, and entered his open mouth. Blinking rapidly, he sprinted away, as fast as he could. The sound echoed behind him.
Teddy froze. How could he explain this to Mother?
I’d wondered if she’d look like a normal person, but the hand I saw still looked like it belonged in a video game. It was still part of Overwatch’s art style.
The room suddenly seemed very warm. Amber kicked off the comforter but still felt like she was sweltering.
“He’s gonna pass,” said Keaton. “Here, let ‘em pass. Pullover, pullover, pullover.”

Collin: Obviously, but they’ve been pretty incompetent.
I called Mom and asked her if I had ever had brain surgery as a kid. I was freaking out, but I wanted to think that I was wrong. That something could explain this. But no, she said. Never. Just some stitches from when I fell down as a toddler. That Dad could tell me more about it, since he was there.
Maybe, after all this time, we aren’t so different from the generation which refused to believe the survivors of atrocities. Maybe I’m guilty of the same because I could not bring myself to fully believe what Amani has told me.
How do you even begin to wrap your head around something like that?
Collin: I’m not slandering anyone, I’m telling the truth. I called them last week but I could never get anyone on the line, it would go straight to voicemail. What kind of emergency hotline has a voicemail?
Julian: Well, then.
This time, I didn’t want it to be an accident. I wanted to feel the responsibility of controlling the numbers. For three weeks and three days, I plotted the perfect plan. First, I would ask Paige to the school dance that was only two weeks and six days away. While we were at the dance, I would tell her that I wanted to kiss her. Finally, we would sneak off to the bathroom where I would kill her and make the numbers even again.
Cradling her head, he began to cry. Each tear held a thousand wishes to bring her back. He was glad Angie was dead. She had deserved every last blow. As Teddy stroked Peg’s artificial hair he noticed the stench coming from his sister who lay several feet away. He knew it was urine. He had heard her bladder release when he struck the final deadly blow. He had hit her once more for good measure. She killed peg. He had every right.
“I hate you,” he informed her cadaverous eyes.
“Eh, it was some weird conspiracy theory kind of story. Allegedly, the army developed some weird cyber-robot thing, trying to make the ultimate soldier. Like in the movies. The thing, they said it was like…like a synth from Fallout. Exposed wires, metal plating. In the shape of a human, right?”
Coco: Oh god, there’s so much blood on my shirt.
“All right, Peter,” said Keaton, “your turn. Truth or dare?”
“Hi, Lena…” I smiled at her, and she smiled back. She looked at the blood on my screen and smiled wider, before tentatively reaching her hand out towards me. Just when she should have touched the glass, I saw it crack. I saw shards of it fall away, and I saw Tracer’s fingertips emerge from behind them.
Coco: Oliver, if you’re hearing this, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry that I wasn’t able to tell you that I love you, but I do. I love you so much.

And who knows, I might also have a surprise in store for you.
“Carter—hurry! It’s no use—you must go—better one than two—the slab—” A pause, more clicking, then the faint voice of Warren:
Fraught with pain, Luke made his way with labored pace. His mind in agonizing conflict with itself was at once pushing him to keep his footing while begging him to stop and give respite to his torn and punctured body. Luke stopped for a moment using most of his remaining strength; he tore the sleeves off his shirt and tied two tight tourniquets around his legs before putting his overcoat back on. This worked well to stem the blood from his punctured legs and he again rose to his feet. If only he could make it home maybe the Rag and Bone Man would keep to the rules of his cruel game and he and Gwen would survive this terror.
***
“Precisely. Now sit down and I will tell you what you need to know.”
The next day I was increasingly apprehensive about the police, for a patient brought rumours of a suspected fight and death. West had still another source of worry, for he had been called in the afternoon to a case which ended very threateningly. An Italian woman had become hysterical over her missing child—a lad of five who had strayed off early in the morning and failed to appear for dinner—and had developed symptoms highly alarming in view of an alwaysAbout half a year ago, I moved into a new apartment downtown. It’s hands-down the most upscale place I’ve lived in—rooftop access, a fitness center, a pool, huge windows with beautiful views of the city… this place had it all. My leasing agent said apartments in that building were going fast, and when I found one on the eleventh floor in my price range, I signed a year-long lease immediately.
“Carter, it’s terrible—monstrous—unbelievable!”
There was a full minute of silence. Then the footsteps approached the door again, and in a loud, clear, voice, identical to how recordings of my own voice sound, spoke the words:
It’s late on a Saturday night. I’m in my chair, sitting in the living room. I can barely move my arms, move my fingers to type this out. I am utterly exhausted and bloated, and I can hear her singing. I want her to stop. I want her to just shut up for five seconds. There’s a large pot on the stove, I can hear the water boiling. She’s chopping up carrots and throwing them in. She keeps looking back at me, smiling. Smiling and singing. It sounds like Fall Out Boy. My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark. But the lyrics are different. She has the right tone but it sounds like she’s singing, “Eat him up up up eat him up up up.”
“And, your surname is?” I asked.
Silence.
I don’t know why, exactly, but I had a sudden urge to look at the body on my examination table. I turned my head, but it turned far slower than I intended, as though I were losing control of my body, or time had slowed down, or the room had become thick with some invisible substance.
Over and over he did this until Chris’s head was nothing more than a mashed, bloody mess. Eventually, Remus let go. Chris was laying bent over the car’s front, not moving, not making any sound at all.
Peter got out of the car and approached Keaton like an obedient child. He looked real skittish and had permanent puppy dog eyes that said whatever you say, just don’t hurt me. Keaton caught his breath and pointed at me.
Mum was working the late shift at Frank’s where she was now a supervisor. Remus and I were watching a film called The Girl Next Door, the one with that hot blonde, Elisha Cuthbert. Well, it had just got to the scene when Elisha is taking her top off and is about to jump into a swimming pool, when I felt Remus’s hand slip into our jeans. The next five minutes were strange. It was an odd sensation and one which seemed to almost never get started, but once it did it was all over far too soon. This started a spell of steady morning masturbation. I never started it, but Remus would reach down and do the deed just after we woke up every day. I never spoke about it and sometimes I’d pretend to still be asleep as he did it, but I never complained. It remained entirely consensual.
“You should come, Jo,” my friend Dennis said one morning before classes. “Exams will be taking over our lives soon, so might as well have a little fun.” I tapped my fingers on the side of my to-go cup before taking a sip of my latte.
“Very. As I said, only about one percent of the population has this ability, and most of them go mad from it at a young age. It frequently gets misconstrued as a myriad of mental illnesses, and sometimes what they see is so horrible it just breaks them outright. There have been quite a few that put their abilities to good use for personal gain, though.”
You’ve been told so many rumors about the place that you weren’t sure if they were even fiction. Some said it was a dark room full of spiderwebs, some said it was full of old mannequins, and some said it was just a storage floor with nothing interesting to see.
I let it all melt away, soaking up her smile. Whatever is going on, whatever hell I was stuck in right now, we were here. Right now, we are very much alive and okay. Today we won’t do anything. There will be no car trips, no popcorn, no toys in her crib, no anything that can hurt my little girl. It’s my only job in life to protect her and I’ll die trying.
I really loved her. Love her. I really did, I really do.
It wasn’t easy at first. Moving about was certainly a challenge, but I managed to make it out of the hospital with a little effort. Thankfully my best friend lived rather close to the hospital, so I visited her first. Her limbs were the closest in size and shape to my own, since we were around the same height and both did cheerleading. I always liked her skin tone a lot more than my own anyway, and she certainly had more than enough to spare.
Slowly, the robot stepped over a piece of Roger’s uniform. Its movements were janky and unnatural, a quiet whirr escaping its body every time it took a step. Before Elliot had a chance to react, it had snatched a handgun from the sand and shot a bullet straight through Elliot’s temple. Elliot stumbled backwards, collapsing face first onto a rock.
Then my phone rang. On the other end was Officer Dale Scott, one of the officers who regularly took Ms. Hicks her medication.
“Caleb, is it deep?” Erica yells. But he cannot hear her underwater. To get a closer look she goes knee-deep into the water, pulling her skirt up. Gosh, it’s cold, she thought. She calls out to him again. Nothing. Then she realizes it has been minutes since he last went up for air. Is he… drowning?
As our supervising officer informed us, no distress signal was dispatched from the station by a crew member, so mutiny or internal criminal activity were to be ruled out. What was of concern was that there was no contact between Crossroads and ICC outposts nearest to it for three weeks before our dispatch. Normally, due to communication interruptions such as solar activity or blackouts, communications can be down for a week at newer stations. An emergency response team is normally dispatched after a full month after a colony has been unresponsive. Then after the team gives the go ahead, we are dispatched to observe the colony and collect electronic data or information from any survivors. But, I assume due to the classified nature of the colony’s establishment, the emergency team was dispatched after that first week. The furthest our supervisor could go into detail was that a quick and strong energy signature was read from a radiation meter, and then communications were quiet.
I got in the car and squealed out of my driveway. The safe house was a few miles outside of town, in an abandoned convenience store off the highway. I just had to get there and push the code on the back door to take me a mile underground into the bunker.
“I have some at my place, it’s all good.”
* * * * * *
“I understand.”
I have to give him one thing. It’s a great explanation. It neatly explains everything. It perfectly explains everything, in fact. I have every reason to shake off this nightmarish fear that some thing or consciousness or being out there wants me to open the door so it can capture me for some horrible fate worse than death. It would be foolish, after hearing that explanation, to stay in here until I starve to death just to spite the entity that might have got everyone else. It would be foolish to think that, after hearing that explanation, I might be one of the last people left alive on an empty world, hiding in my secure basement room, spiting some unthinkable deceptive entity just by refusing to be captured. It’s a perfect explanation for every single strange thing I’ve seen or heard, and I have every reason in the world to let all of my fears go, and open the door.
“Julie!” I said as I climbed out of the car. “Julie, calm down.” I approached her and caressed her shoulders. Her breathing grew shakier and shallower. I worried she was having a panic attack.
“What?”
Disheartened, I returned to my room for what would be the final night of my stay. Climbing into bed proved difficult, as did falling asleep. However, sleep did eventually come for me.
And if I could spend enough hours up in the air, maybe I could make it, maybe for once I could go through one year without losing a part of me… and maybe the whole thing would finally stop.
It was day 58. We never found him, either.
Tina and I slunk out of Luvia’s house quietly. We didn’t say a word on the way back to our houses. Tina just found out the name of the love of her life. I got to listen to a horrifying cryptic message about my death. I was twelve years old. I was fucking terrified.
Shawn was almost surprised hearing this. For many years he practically had no first name. “I’m fine sir, how are you?”
I’d started our relationship by protecting her, and I think that was why it was so easy to make the promise to protect her from her nightmare — but I didn’t know that it would be an impossible promise to keep. Every night, I lay beside Kaylee listening to her breath and waiting, then, just as the world started to disappear behind the swirls of purple and red behind my eyes, she would scream. Twice, I stayed up all night lying beside her and both times she slept through the night. But if I fell asleep for even a second I woke up to Kayle screaming.
“It might help,” she says.
I heard, yet was able only to repeat my frantic questions. Around me were the tombs and the darkness and the shadows; below me, some peril beyond the radius of the human imagination. But my friend was in greater danger than I, and through my fear I felt a vague resentment that he should deem me capable of deserting him under such circumstances. More clicking, and after a pause a piteous cry from Warren:
Luke would return home once a month to see Gwen, give her enough money to get by on and save so their new life in London would have the best start possible.
I dipped into my pile of yet-to-be-read books and finished two more. Four more minutes had passed.

Congratulations! You have made it to the end of NoEnd House! Please accept this prize as a token of great achievement.
Brian and his father howled and laughed as the coaster went up and down and all around; no loops, of course. Kent knew he made the right decision, and it was a great bonding experience for the two of them. In his mind, he patted himself on the back. But as the ride came to an end, Kent was hit by a wave of nausea, rushing to vomit just once into a trash can. The ticket taker looked irritated as he put his arm out to stop Brian from exiting the ride.
“My sister and I were the only surviving members of our family after our father passed away in 1964. These were very hard times for my old country, and Father had grown so sick that we were eventually forced to allow him to starve, rather than waste food to comfort him as he inevitably died. Sister had been losing her mind little-by-little before all this happened, but I could see in her eyes, as we buried Father, that she had finally gone somewhere far away inside herself. I remember the crows, perched in thick groups like clots of preening black movement, watching us in the cemetery from all of the rooftops. We moved to bury Father quickly, because the crows were as hungry as we were…
Hands.
“So why am I just seeing this now? How come I haven’t heard about it before?” My head was really pounding now. Fucking hell, I’m twenty-six years old. I would have noticed these fucking monsters by now.
“Just…listen to me, Amy,” he said with a chuckle. “Everything’s chill, let’s just calm down. Just go back in the car and we can –
I decided to try to sleep off the remaining effects of the drug. Unfortunately, whatever part of my mind is responsible for perception, the part that’s been accelerated to hyper speeds by the drug, isn’t the same as the part that governs sleep. Despite being awake for what I perceived as days, my physical brain still thought it was 1:25 pm. It was not ready for sleep.
For years I looked for it. The thing that will kill me. I could almost feel it. Sensed it just behind each car, swaying behind the trees at night. Underneath the fresh snow. Waiting outside my window. With every step I hesitated. Every time I tried to sleep, I could almost see it. What had she said about its teeth? I looked out for sloughed skin. For blood. For skins, for hides.
The next day I traveled to a job interview after I posted a resignation letter to my old place of work. Nobody seemed to be looking at me. Not a single glance on the way there. “Finally!” I thought. Even if it only lasted a week like the other times, it would be a sweet release from feeling like a goldfish in a bowl!
The best thing about Tina’s wedding was that we got back in touch for the first time in a very long time. We were very different people than we had been as children, but we still shared more of a bond than we realized. She was happy, living in Vermont with Michael. She told me everything that was going on in our town. The population slowly increasing. The new schools they were building. The babies that were born.
Static….error
“I am! I grew two whole inches this summer!” Brian boasted, then stood next to the grinning cartoon bear to prove himself.
“I saw Momma. She looked like a scarecrow.”
I did pretty good the next day. Got up at my usual time through sheer habit and kept going with the help of coffee. Napped a little when I got home.
As a young man, Howard found it difficult mixing with others of his age, and therefore became a bit of a loner. His life like his balance sheets calculated to boredom, definitely in to the minus column. That was until July of the summer of 1975 when he met Brenda and the balance of his life moved firmly in to the plus column. He fell in love with her immediately. Howard however held no hope of Brenda feeling the same way about him, how could she? Brenda to look at was nothing special, most people wouldn’t have given her a second glance, but to Howard she was the air that he breathed, the sun that warmed him.
So I took an Ambien.
I braced myself. Here it comes. “I’m not ready for a relationship. Nothing to do with you, of course.” It was the absolute last thing that I wanted to hear, because I was already crazy about her.
“Is it true?” she asked after finally satiating her thirst.  “Is it all…gone?”
We compiled a list of “suspicious” books. Books we thought could help us, because they were written by, or were about, the people we were searching for.
“I’m on the side of 17. One of these bastards dropped right in front of my car and wrecked it. I’m probably a mile out from the bunker.”
Of Herbert West, who was my friend in college and in after life, I can speak only with extreme terror. This terror is not due altogether to the sinister manner of his recent disappearance, but was engendered by the whole nature of his life-work, and first gained its acute form more than seventeen years ago, when we were in the third year of our course at the Miskatonic University Medical School in Arkham. While he was with me, the wonder and diabolism of his experiments fascinated me utterly, and I was his closest companion. Now that he is gone and the spell is broken, the actual fear is greater. Memories and possibilities are ever more hideous than realities.
“Yeah, Chief, we’re gonna need ya.”
The end was nothing like what scientists had predicted. There were no explosions, no destructive meteors, nor did we parish in a great war between countries; it was as if humanity awoke one day and life as we had known it, was over. My name is Hanit; I am currently 17. I used to consider myself a rather attractive girl. My skin glowed with youth, my hair was long, shiny, golden-brown, my blue eyes stood out best with my black eyeliner, and my outfit was always pristine. These days, I look more like a vile homeless person that just crawled out from under a dumpster. I had to cut my hair ridiculously short, and if you think there’s even a second to spend on makeup and clothing, you’re sorely mistaken. No, this world has become pure chaos and I have no idea how long I have before I too become one of the beasts play things.
“This is the bedroom?” Destiny asked, frowning as she looked around the computer room. She took a step back, going to try the next door. I was coming up behind her now. My heart was racing. I couldn’t do this!

I pulled up to her and Michael’s house. Two cars were in the driveway, so I figured they were both home. I walked up and rang the doorbell. Michael opened it, dressed in several layers and a large coat, as if he had just come in from the snow. He invited me inside. He looked very surprised to see me, and asked if I had talked to Tina recently.

Coco: Who?
“Hmph. Sure but if it’s just them in there then where is the kid? I doubt these bags belonged to the adults.”

“Look, if I can get that giant asshole up there to go away, I’ll do whatever I can.” Besides, this might actually be a nice change of pace. Keep a lookout for any weird happenings, and get paid for it. Sounds good to me.
“There we go! Just you and me now!” she said with her ever-present grin. “Now… I hope you believe everything I’m telling you is true, Jeremy. I don’t really get the why of all of it. That’s a little beyond my level. Maybe we can figure it out together. But what I do know is that I want to take the next step with you!”
“Easy there,” he said, looking over at me. “We have it all under control. Some of the guys in the tech department figured out how to close the tear. Now we’re just rounding up all the ones that fell. You’re going to stay down here for a few days while you recover.”
Everybody in town heard it. What few shops and restaurants we had emptied as people came out into the street to look for the source.
As Kent grew closer to the silo, a deep sense of foreboding began festering inside him. Finding Brian was becoming a reality, and now Kent couldn’t help imagining what might happen when he finally found him. Would he have to tangle with Brian’s kidnappers? Kent repeated the words, “I know he’s alive,” over and over until he no longer realized he was saying it.
PHONE: …

“Please… please, don’t do it. Please, don’t hurt me.”
Shawn sprinted toward the source, an old woman standing at the end of the hallway waving her cane around while she screamed.

It wasn’t an animal. I don’t know what the hell it was, and I didn’t get a good look at it before it lunged for me. I tried to run, skidding backward onto the ice, and that thing landed just a few feet away from me. I didn’t waste my time watching it. I tried to bolt for the door, expecting myself to slip and fall with every step, as I didn’t exactly have a solid footing. Maybe the thing didn’t either. I heard a noise behind me, a scream, like a person’s, but… wrong. It sounded pained and garbled, and it made my head hurt.

Part 3
I pulled away from Billy but Billy persisted, leaning in every time I leaned out. Keaton reached over and slapped Billy atop the head.
She was already picking up the phone to call the police station when I left her office and headed home to have a nap before I had to come back in to work.
I have never been one to deeply question the circumstances I have been faced with. I have put my faith in the observable for all my life. But when the observable is unexplainable… I find myself at a loss of words to describe how uneasy I felt. But I digress.
When I handed in the story, my editor just glared at me over her glasses and lifted an eyebrow. She asked me if I was feeling alright and I told her that Officer Scott and about a dozen search and rescue volunteers would back up the story.
Julian: Where is that jacket at? Hmm… Coco, is it under you?
Chris pulled me back into the house and started talking about all of this was unfair, how could his father just burn the tapes like that, they were so close to figuring out who Butcherface was, etc. Then his mother called for us from upstairs. We came up and she pointed out the door to his father who had stopped digging and was looking into the hole he had dug so far. We walked outside and crossed the yard to the hole that his father was still looking into. When we got to it, we realized why he was frozen there, because just a couple feet into the hole was (after more digging, turned out to be) over 30 skeletons of cats, dogs, and other animals. This is when we started calling him Butcherface.
I felt ill. Worse was the look on her face as she did it, that rictus grin that never changed, never left her. She kept that horrible forced smile on her face no matter how much or how deeply she cut herself, looking like something out of a nightmare. Sat there in the dark, smiling that awful smile.
The dull roar of the street and metro noise ceased, replaced by the most perfect silence I’ve ever experienced. My downwards motion seemed to completely freeze. Before the Ambien kicked in, my perception of time was maybe a few hundred times slower than real-time. After the Ambien took effect, time moved thousands of times slower. Every second seemed like days to me. Even just moving my eyes to focus on a new point was like an impossibly slow scroll across my visual field.
He shifted in his seat again and shivered in his denim jacket.  A cramp was developing in his lower back, and it was getting harder and harder to keep his eyes open.  He kept expecting the trees to thin out, the lanes to widen, and to see some sign of civilization in the distance, but the road droned on, unchanging.  The thought of having to sleep in the car was looming in the back of his mind, but he knew that meant he would likely miss the interview in the morning, so he kept pushing it back.  If he could go ten more miles, he was sure he’d find something, some gas station or truck stop, and then he could find out where the fuck he was.
“It’s coming, baby,” his mom said.  “Now, put on your jacket and get ready.”
Once inside, and having passed through a second checkpoint, Sayyid led Amani and Khawlah into adjoining cells. These had been fashioned crudely out of old storage closets. The rooms were unlit and very little light made its way under the cracks of the doors into the room. The two, unfortunate women were left to think on their unknowable and potentially torturous fate until the following day.
Part II – The Plague-Daemon
I left the next night at around eight. There wasn’t a single car the entire trip, and as I turned onto the unmarked street I saw a sign pointing down the road:
Kent had been accused of being afraid several times that night. Even though the accusations were valid, he wanted to prove them wrong.
One thought lay heavy in my mind. I remembered the sound of scratching and the eyes under the bed. What if Kaylee’s nightmare wasn’t a nightmare? What if it was a monster.
As the man opened his hands, Luke realized that the metal objects he held were, in fact, two iron spikes piercing from his palms. He thought for a brief moment that they had been bored through the back of his hands, but a quick double-take showed no puncture or even a blemish. They appeared to simply belong there, as if they had always been there. As the sleeves of the weather-worn oilskin coat were rolled up the man’s arms, Luke’s terror intensified further as he discovered the man’s forearms had almost identical spikes though double in length protruding from them, just stopping past his wrists rising away approximately thirty degrees from running parallel to the man’s arms. Luke’s short time to process what he was seeing was cut short as the large man leapt at him swiping one of his barbed hands across Luke’s right shoulder. Luke’s windpipe felt momentarily seized shut as he struggled to draw breath in shock from the speed of the man’s assault, as well as the burning gash ripped across the front of his shoulder. Luke’s legs failed him as he crumbled to the floor holding his shoulder, desperately trying to force air down his throat trying not to let shock completely overwhelm his tired body. The large man now feet from Luke’s shivering, gasping and bleeding body paused briefly to address him.
I knew he couldn’t see it, but I could. One of the Aberrations was above us, thrashing around at the store. It had found where the elevator shaft was and was battering it, trying to dig deeper. The noise we heard was the elevator car dropping the mile downward.
The dream skipped again and suddenly she was lying flat, naked and unable to budge, as an older man – Merv – moved atop her; sweating and panting and thrusting, raping her. Opal tried to scream, to beg him to stop. Their marriage was a sham, she was too young, and the pain – the searing unbearable pain! Yet she couldn’t move. Her mother had drugged her, seemingly the driving force behind this consent-less consummation of the marriage of the freaks.
I clenched my eyes shut and screamed, and the demon was gone. I was left in silence. I turned around slowly and was greeted by the room as it was when I entered: just a chair and a lamp. I couldn’t believe it, but I didn’t have time to well. I turned back to the seven and jumped back slightly. What I saw was a door. It wasn’t the one I had scratched in, but a regular door with a large seven on it. My whole body was shaking. It took me a while to turn the knob. I just stood there for a while, staring at the door. I couldn’t stay in room six. I couldn’t. But if this was only room six, I couldn’t imagine was seven had in store. I must have stood there for an hour, just staring at the seven. Finally, with a deep breath, I twisted the knob and opened the door to room seven.
Mark looked up and saw that Roger still had his back to him as he continued to clean the small mess from the food prep.  He couldn’t see Roger’s face, but he was sure that he was still grinning.  Mark suddenly became aware again of Roger’s partial nudity, and that realization paired poorly with the taste of the meat in his mouth.  He didn’t want to stare at the man’s ass while he was eating.  He turned his gaze aside and responded curtly, “five.”
I scanned the old books on the shelf and picked out a copy of Moby Dick. My arms had the same problems as my legs. Just reaching one foot in front of me to grab the book took a long time. I actually got bored just waiting for my hand to reach the spine of the book.
With that, the Rag and Bone Man ran like a dart and out of sight. Luke rolled calmly onto his stomach willing his body desperately to move. He crawled in agony a few feet on his hands and knees to a nearby wall and managed to resist passing out from the pain and exhaustion to get to his feet. He had to get to Gwen, but what chance did he have of defending Gwen and himself against the Rag and Bone Man when he got there? He moved so fast, he was so strong and vicious, but Luke breathed deep. He knew he had to try, his sight was becoming blurred but he had to keep moving.
“Get down! You were only supposed to peak!” She started drummin’ her toes real nervous.
“You thwacked me,” I told her, feeling the side of my face. It hadn’t just been a light tap. It felt like she’d punched me. She apologized about a hundred times as I got back into bed. I told her it was okay but I was distracted.
“Hey,” I said, “mind if I ask what you guys are talking about?” The two boys looked at one another and then back at me.
“HELP! THEY NEED HELP! THEY NEED HEEELLLLLPPP!”

“Past where they paint the houses,” Kent said without thinking. “I have to keep going. I have to find him. I’ll bring him back. I’ll save him.” With that he stood up tall and turned around, only to discover the man had returned holding a pistol. Kent’s face turned red.
“Why am I handcuffed?” I asked hesitantly.
I looked to my right to see my friend Julie staring cockeyed at the glove compartment with a slight wince about her face.

“But, I’m not mutilating people!” I screamed at him.
He told me that he had convinced the woman to let him actually come to the filming of one of Better Films movies and to meet with the director responsible for their work. To actually interview people who worked at the highest levels of this production company and get the real story about what it was they did.
I just
That night, I was sitting up on my bed, staring at your name on my arm, wondering if I should cover it up so I couldn’t see it and give you back your privacy, when I heard a crash.
I couldn’t see him in the frame, just his silhouette on the far wall. He took a few steps into the room. I could see him then. He looked just like the priest. Pale and dry, with cracked skin. Walking over to Matt’s computer, he crouched down and made eye contact with me. A chill went down my spine and I froze up. I couldn’t tell if I was looking into his eyes, or into a black void. A sadistic smile crept across his chapped lips, causing them to split between the cracks.
Kent was petrified by the sickly man’s mantra. He looked around hoping someone was going to do something, but they didn’t need to. The sickly man began to choke and gasp for air. In moments, he was on the floor—motionless. No one batted an eye.
I woke up missing an eye and all I got was the following response, left on the same sheet of paper:
When they got home, Amber leaned the doll against the lamp on her nightstand and reached for an aspirin. She was starting to feel queasy again.
The sun beat down heavily upon the pair as they moved onward, barely bothering to check their surroundings. The landscape was almost completely flat, not a single incline in sight apart from a cluster of curved dunes lying in the distance.
Jake wasn’t listening to the TV, nor was he listening to the snippets of his parents’ muted and tense conversation that drifted out of the kitchen.  It was light in the kitchen, but the only illumination in the living room was from the large picture window that Jake was looking out of, rapt.  The world outside was a near-perfect white, and the dim daylight crept in like a ghost, bringing silence and mystery with it.  Jake had lived in this house for all of his five years, and knew the outside street as well as he knew anything.  He knew the front porch, which was painted a brick red color.  He knew the steps that led down past the yard.  He knew the plastic kiddie pool that was up every summer, and which he had used as recently as last week.  He knew the cracks in the sidewalk beyond, and he knew to never, ever go off the sidewalk into the street, because that’s where the cars drove, and a car could run him over.  He knew the houses across the street, where the Laramies lived, and the Alvarezes, and his friend Bobby Guilliford and his parents.
I was taken aback somewhat. “You know my…”

He got there at ten that evening and began walking along the East Wing of the hospital. It was storming horribly; a storm like the one that took Chloe.
Keaton looked pissed. He took in a deep breath and screamed at the top of his lungs. “SHUT THE FUCK UP!”
“Where are my manners? My name is Ronald, pleased to meet you.” The man extended his hand to me. I took it, hesitantly. He had a firm grip, and shook my hand as if he was an old friend.
Again I rush to Brynn’s room. Again, she is there sleeping, holding the pink elephant in her hand. I take it away and set it aside. She wakes up and smiles at me. I reach down to touch her hand as she reaches hers up to me, slowly falling back to sleep.
I’ll open the window wider and that’ll get me cooled off enough to sle–
* * * * * *
Instead, I lifted my cell phone to the door’s little window, and checked the signal meter. The bars filled up the meter, and I smiled. Time to hear someone else’s voice, I remember thinking, relieved. It was such a strange thing, to be afraid of nothing. I shook my head, laughing at myself silently. I hit speed-dial for my best friend Amy’s number, and held the phone up to my ear. It rang once… but then it stopped. Nothing happened. I listened to silence for a good twenty seconds, then hung up. I frowned, and looked at the signal meter again – still full. I went to dial her number again, but then my phone rang in my hand, startling me. I put it up to my ear.
“Oh, no… It’s my dad,” he cried. The thumping grew louder until it stopped just outside what I assumed was his door. My suspicions were confirmed a moment later as a loud single pound could be heard. Matt sprang to his feet and went off screen to the right, I guess to hide in his closet. The pounding continued until the door burst open, and his father stepped into the room.
One time she was in an elevator with a stranger and as his face morphed into a semi-yawn, nose red, nostrils enlarged, eyes watery— she knew what was going to happen. She half-ran to the farthest corner as the man exploded to a sneeze. Snot and spit strewed in all directions.
“Fine!” Kaylee yelled, much louder than me. “You want to know? You want to know how my screaming in the middle of the night would wake up my parents? How I slept with a nightlight until college? You want to know how my parents took me to the doctor and the doctor accused my dad of abusing me? That the doctor blamed it all on stress and the only way a little kid could be stressed out was if my dad was…I’ve had night terrors for a long time, Danny. I dream about a little creature that sits on my chest and sucks out my life. I feel myself die every damn night!”
It was very dark, but the snow outside seemed to cast a faint light into the room.  Jake walked slowly to the couch.  The snow had stopped the day before, but was still piled high enough that he couldn’t see across it while standing on the floor.  He climbed up onto the couch and stood up, pressing his hands against the cold glass and looking out across the yard and towards the houses across the street.  There were still no lights on in them.  There was no movement of any kind.  What had made his mom so upset?
But now I was all alone again.
“Hey.  Hi!” Mark called to the figure, who was now standing still and apparently looking back at him.  Mark couldn’t make out anything about the person (it was so damn dark,) but he appeared to be very big, over six feet.  The figure didn’t respond.  Mark waved and then stuck his hands into his pockets against the cold.  He shrugged his shoulders, pulling his jacket further up around his neck and walked towards the overhang.  He had underestimated how much the Datsun’s heater had been doing; it was freezing outside.  As he trudged through the snow, socks getting wet through his sneakers, he called out again to the stranger.  “Hi, are you closing up?”  Still no response.
“Y’all might wanna cover your ears for this one,” said Keaton. Without warning he cupped his hand over Julie’s mouth and jammed the knife into her upper arm. She shrieked and squirmed as Keaton twisted the knife into her shoulder. I was pretty sure he was cutting bone.
He turned around and looked at me with a confused look. Obviously, he had no idea what my Counts were, but it felt invigorating to finally yell at him. He started to talk but wasn’t able to get the words out before I pushed him to the ground.
A fist came flying from the side of me and smashed into my face, dazing me. My eyes watered so I couldn’t see what was happening, I don’t remember walking back to town, or climbing into bed, but that’s where I woke. Immediately I could tell something was different. I looked over to Remus, but I didn’t see his scruff of black, curly hair. I saw plastic, white and glossy.
I felt more afraid than ever before. That motionless woman in the white mask, stood silently in the blackness made my heart pound, made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. I had to get out of this room. I stood up, turned and ran. I ran out of the room, down the stairs, out into the parking lot. I didn’t even bother to get into my car, I just ran out into the street and away from that motel.
I keep running through it in my head. One point of view says I’ve acted like a madman, and all of this is the extreme convergence of probability – never going outside at the right times by pure luck, never seeing another person by pure chance, getting a random nonsense email from some computer virus at just the right time. The other point of view says that extreme convergence of probability is the reason that whatever’s out there hasn’t gotten me already. I keep thinking: I never opened the window on the third floor. I never opened the front door, until that incredibly stupid stunt with the hidden camera after which I ran straight to my room and slammed the door. I haven’t opened my own solid door since I flung open the front door of the building. Whatever’s out there – if anything’s out there – never made an ‘appearance’ in the building before I opened the front door. Maybe the reason it wasn’t in the building already was that it was elsewhere getting everyone else… and then it waited, until I betrayed my existence by trying to call Amy… a call which didn’t work, until it called me and asked me my name…
“So? Then his family will pay. Carnie freaks or not they make steady money running the circuit, right?”
Every day I kept thinking of a way to stop something that, for all intents and purposes, seemed to be unavoidable no matter what I did.
The walls stayed the same gray and never seemed to change this time, no matter how far i walked. Eventually i could see a wall at the end of the hall, a dead end. Before even reaching the end of the hall i decided to turn around and start heading back the way i came, maybe that was all i needed to do, i wondered. But i was met quickly with another dead end wall, the hall was still changing, but in a different way. I turned around and started jogging back down the other way, and again hit another wall. I continued this for a good 10 minutes. Running back and forth from wall to wall, the halls continuously becoming shorter, and thinner. Until eventually the hall was so narrow i could barely fit in it, and the hall was only about 20 feet long. I stood at one end of the hall backed up against the wall staring down at the other end. I silenced my breathing for a moment and listened closely. I could hear a distant buzzing sound, like a whirring of a machine or something. I stayed still and listened as the noise seemed to grow louder, and closer every second. I heard a few thuds in the mix and the buzzing became louder and closer like a swarm of flies coming towards me. At the other end of the hall an image of a pitch black face appeared, with empty eyes and a hole for a mouth. I could see the gray wall behind the floating black face through the eye holes and mouth, but the rest of it was just solid black. I began panting, my heart pounding in my chest. The face just hovered there as the noise grew louder and louder, making my face cringe it became so deafening. The face screeched and flew right at me from across the hall, it passed right through me and it felt like it ripped my soul right out of me. I was shrouded in total darkness and blacked out, AGAIN.
Shawn was silent for a moment before lying. “My grandmother. We were real close.”
“Did you talk to Albert?” I tried to keep my voice level. I didn’t want to panic her. Maybe it was just a power-cut.
“no end dont come david”
The night was just like any other night, I made myself dinner and settled down on my mattress, placed on the floor of the living room. YouTube played in the background, my eyes were trained on the bowl of food and my phone, its eyes were trained on me.
I was shocked.
Nevertheless, I tried to sleep. I walked to my bedroom (a slow 45-minute drift through my apartment) and flung myself into bed (lazily falling like a feather onto the mattress). I closed my eyes and lay there for hours and hours (10 minutes of reality time) before giving up. Sleep would not come. I was facing what was going to feel like days, or maybe even weeks of being trapped in a slow-motion prison.
“Hey, Camilla. We wanted to ask you something,” Brittany says.
When J turned on his TV, he saw reports coming in on every channel that were all about one headline-grabbing subject. That big headline, of course, was an unstoppable new nation-wide outbreak that started a week ago and was traced back to the blue rock from space that had fallen to Earth in a field near San Francisco. Thousands of people across America were infected with black symbiotes just like the one poor J was now trapped in for life. Doctor’s offices were inundated with patients facing the same very sticky suit situation J was in and there was no cure or treatment to stop it. Containing its spread was impossible since its ability to hide inside the cells of its host made it undetectable until it formed the inescapable black super-spider suit. At this rate everyone would soon have one of these slimy, stretchy, and indestructible body-hugging permanent glue-traps forever stuck on them. Everyone would be forced to be dependent on the parasites to walk and perform basic mundane tasks once their bones turned into muscles and at the same time would gain the same superpowers J now had whether they wanted them or not. At least J wouldn’t be alone or too humiliated to be seen in public. Why hide if everyone is afflicted?


But not these words.
The middle of his camp, where his campfire had been, was now nothing but a hole in the ground that was so deep you couldn’t see the bottom. We agreed we wouldn’t watch the video, and our camera operator melted the card using his lighter and then threw the card down the hole. As we walked back toward our boat, we heard a distant scream coming from his camp and the water around our boat turned black as ink. On that day we made a pact never to return.
Suddenly i could hear voices around me, mumbling. A man in a blue outfit with a surgical mask over his face approached me out of the darkness.
Another scream ripped through the air.
Snip snip snip.
“What are you planning on doing?”
In the middle of the clearing was a rundown barn that must have been a hundred years old. It looked so sinister as the car’s high beams cast the grisly shadows of barren trees upon it.
They were both immaculate, like the door had always been that way, and I’d never seen either before in my life. A smell hung in the air, too – something I couldn’t put my finger on, some sort of car smell or outdoor smell, pungent but not entirely unpleasant.
Just like Peg.
The creature crawled up to my chest with agonizing slowness and I kept repeating to myself, You’re mine. You’re mine.
“Doesn’t that drive you crazy, not knowing?”
My sister leans over, pulls the sleeve down, and bats Brittany away.
Except Timothy, instead of tapping out like most might’ve, decided to get to the bottom of it. The cameras, no matter how many he put out or where he put them, never really caught anything interesting outside of a flash of a tail, something around fur or quails, on the very edge of one camera view.
Jake’s mom made a sound that might have been a sob, but when she spoke, her voice was bright.  “Well, with all of the school everyone missed, they’re having a night class so you all can catch up!”

I could not see a damn thing. I tried to calm my breathing down by taking in 3 deep breaths through my nose, but it didn’t help much. I reached my right hand into my pants pocket and dug my iphone out of there. I quickly turned the phone on, got past my passcode, and turned on the flashlight app. The phone’s flashlight was barely helpfully, since it only gave me enough light to see 2 feet in front of me. But it was good enough. I went to the front door and started banging on it, but it was no use. There was no doorknob now, and it just wouldn’t budge. The thought crossed my mind that maybe whatever was here actually wanted me to stay, rather than to leave as i previously thought. Another chill ran down my spine thinking about it so i shook my head and slapped myself a few times to make sure i was not dreaming. Of course, i wasn’t.
“We…” he thought for a second. Sparrow tightly clutching his still twitchy arm. “…Have not found any evidence of the suspect. The street has been quiet all night. Shall we proceed with the operation?” They both silently prayed for dismissal.
It was not. If anything, he flourished even more as a home student than he had in the years prior to formal schooling. I made sure to bring him often to homeschool groups and social gatherings, and tried to let him maintain those friends he had developed in his year in the system. And in terms of scholarship, he excelled. It was soon obvious to me that Isaac was gifted, and that those gifts would have been squandered in a formal classroom.

It had now been thirty-five minutes since I took the Ambien. I lay down on the couch and closed my eyes. Time passed. I inhaled – a hours long process. Time passed. I exhaled for more hours.
My catharsis was interrupted by a single click and column of light, erected from the hallway above and traced to my toes in a solid line of luminescence. I stared at the beam, confused at its appearance. Click. The light retreated into nothingness, and darkness filled its place. Click. The light returned, and I frantically pulled myself on all fours away from it. In the middle of the patch of light, lay a dark patch of amorphous shape. While not quite a shadow, it moved in the flowing way heat does around hot blacktop. It was mesmerizing with its hypnotic fluidity, twisting and coiling in itself like a mass of serpents. Click. Once again, the light withdrew, and the sound of my bedroom door slamming shut erupted through the silence. The crack was startling enough to knock me against the wall behind me. I bit my tongue and dug my nails into my palms, hoping to alleviate even the smallest bit of stress from my self-harm. It worked for a time but ultimately left me with the same fear plus the added ache in my mouth. I wanted to just bite it off. I wanted to scream. I wanted to be free of this terror that had formed from nightmare into living horror.
I got up from the bed and smelled the fresh smell of eggs and bacon being cooked for breakfast, my dad’s usual. I checked everything in my room making sure it was all there and that it was real, then I pinched myself and squealed when I did. I was back. I was home and alright. It was all just a stupid dream. A nightmare. Yet, why when I pinched myself in the dream had i not woke up? I felt it in the dream, and everything there seemed so real. Was this even real? Was it really over?
What surprised me was that SpriteShark never really got much attention with his posts. Sometimes, I was the only one who ever bothered with them. I wondered if people were getting bored of the long intros, but I liked those! I liked feeling closer to Tracer. I liked feeling like I was her dirty little secret!
“Sounds like it’s done!” I heard Tracer say from the computer room. “You okay, Jeremy?”
I was across from a park where a group of children was playing catch with their dad. Some old men were playing chess under a tree and a busker on the road was strumming gently at an acoustic guitar.
As Peter turned the knob, I could see that his hand was trembling uncontrollably. I thought maybe we could bring him over to our side. Then it’d be three-on-two and we could get out of this and –
After the meltdown and outfit changes earlier Mimi time does sound like a good idea. I would miss her but I could get so much more done and maybe even take a nap. She will most likely sleep most of the day anyway as she always does on shot days. I agree and tell her we will be over in about half an hour. That gives me time to feed her lunch, pack her back up and bring her over.
After scolding myself back into a state of relative ease I finished off the bottle of wine and another few episodes of television before turning in for the night.

Upon entering the hospital, he was greeted at the desk by the same nurse that gave him directions to the security office the day of his interview. He learned her name was Riley. She had greeted him almost every day of his training and had once even winked when he passed by. She was beautiful: a young, thin, brown-haired woman, and Shawn was convinced she had a crush on him. He felt a twinge of guilt for being so attracted to her.
They converted their home world into a paradise (by their standards) and many 10^6s of them poured out into the surrounding system with a rapidity and vigor that we could only envy. With bodies built to survive every environment from the daylit surface of their innermost world, to the atmosphere of their largest gas giant and the cold void in-between, they set out to sculpt their system into something beautiful. At first we thought them simple miners, stripping the rocky planets and moons for vital resources, but then we began to see the purpose to their constructions, the artworks carved into every surface, and traced across the system in glittering lights and dancing fusion trails. And still, our terrible Gift approached.
I wish it could’ve been just a kiss.
“I got your message, by the way…” From the bed, she picked up her phone and showed the screen to the camera. I saw my unsent message there, displaying on her screen. I only needed to read the first few words to know it was mine.
“Fucking hell. Okay. Do you have the list of safe houses with you?” he asked.
Julian: Oh, Collin, I’m so sorry.
“Yeah. I think so too.” My boyfriend replied.
The actual smut was similar to what came before, but I was expecting that. More accurately, I was hoping for it. This video was slightly longer than the previous one, but I enjoyed it just as much. I wasn’t surprised to see it was SpriteShark, but this time I didn’t try and hunt them down, either. They’d come out of the shadows soon enough, I was sure of that.
We made a mistake. That is the simple, undeniable truth of the matter, however painful it might be. The flaw was not in our Observatories, for those machines were as perfect as we could make, and they showed us only the unfiltered light of truth. The flaw was not in the Predictor, for it is a device of pure, infallible logic, turning raw data into meaningful information without the taint of emotion or bias. No, the flaw was within us, the Orchestrators of this disaster, the sentients who thought themselves beyond such failings. We are responsible.
I don’t respond.
I must have driven for a few miles before thinking about how much gas I actually had. I glanced down at the gage, the line indicated half full. Enough gas to get me a good distance from what I’ll now call The City of Death. Childish I know, but being able to escape and give such a place a name like this felt almost victorious. I imagined finding others who also survived and telling them my story of escaping The City of Death. This made me laugh loudly and my eyes began to tear. For the first time in two years, I was free. I could laugh, I could scream, I could breath. The beast would not come now, I could actually survive this.
Suddenly, I heard the subtle sound of something soft brushing along the underside of the boat. “Some fish are probably curious,” I thought, as I lay back to rest. Then, as suddenly as it had started, it stopped, and I was left in an oppressive, all-encompassing silence.
The moment the light faded from the room the panic returned with a vengeance and once again I found my body moving before my mind could intervene.
“You were…tickling my leg.” I used the word tickling to sound less accusatory. After all, I still wanted a ride out of here.
Shawn took the doctor’s advice and went home. He felt terrible for leaving but could imagine he would feel worse if he had stayed.
“Why did you put that out here?” she shrieked.
I got plum mad at that, “Stop with that!”
Our search would lead us to the first glimpse we got of what was really happening to you.
“Oh my God, no. Don’t tell me you’ve seen a-”
Again, the man’s eyes grew wide, and wider still. The large man’s face became cross, and the tension became thick. The sickly, bearded man spoke softly and with little strength.
That was no dream, they were her memories! It was some kind of a flas–
“That sounds a little creepy,” I said, laughing nervously.

Brian saw through his father’s ruse, and cleverly played on his skepticism. “Just try it, dad. It’s just for fun, right?”
 Open 24hrs
If just getting on all fours was this difficult, I figured that walking or running was completely out of the question. So I crawled. I crawled through the metro tunnel. The dumb looks on the faces in the crowd lingered on me for weeks. I crawled under the turnstyle and onto the escalator.
I don’t know how long I sat there screaming. All I know is that the next thing I knew there were two guys in suits outside my car window. One was knocking on the glass while the other had his gun drawn.
“Please, help me!” cried the sickly man, grabbing the front of Kent’s jacket. “They won’t help me. No one from this town will help me!” He began shaking Kent vigorously, forcing him to push the man away. He fell to the floor, sobbing.

I sighed. “Yeah, it drives me crazy. I’ve asked her a million times. But she told me I could never look. Gotta respect that, man, even if I don’t like it. That’s love.”
You spent the next month or so trying to leave bite marks on my ear or neck, to prove a point. I still have a few scars on my ear, so I guess you did.
“Approximately forty minutes ago.  Due for next communique at oh-nine-hundred hours.”  The ESA rep left them with an extended silence yet again and this time it was long enough for Dimitri to say, “screw this” and pull up the Alpha channel as well.
Somehow, I wasn’t surprised that he could hear me.
My phone then buzzes with a text message. It’s Reena and it says: Hey Michael, just calling to check on Brynn’s doctor’s appointment today. If you don’t have anything going on, please bring her over. I would love to spend the day with her. Talk to you soon.
The longer I waited without news, the less I worried though. The less I cared about him at all. Finally free of his bullying, his endless taunts and insults I found myself becoming more confident, more assured. I began to go out. I began to talk to people, to actually start to make friends. I even met a girl at a little bar not far from my brother’s house who I began to see as more than friends.

We tore the carpet up and started ripping out the floorboards when we found what looked like a hole dug about five feet into the ground under the floor. Chris jumped down there thinking he could get better leverage to tear up the boards when he said something was down there. His father got a flashlight and we jumped down to check it out. It turned out to be a very warn box. It looked similar to a shoebox but it was about three feet long and extremely damaged by the elements. It was so tattered that you wouldn’t be able to pick it up in one piece. We believed that whatever was in it would be just as damaged, but when we ripped it open, we noticed that whatever was in it had the added protection of a black trash bag. Chris picked up the trash bag and it’s contents made the sound of plastic hitting plastic. We were curious as to what’s in there so we brought it upstairs and cut the bag open with a pair of scissors and found 24 unmarked videotapes. Me and Chris were curious as to what was on them but his father claimed that they were most likely somebody’s old bootleg collection and if we’re still curious we should check them out later after we were done for the day.
The couple had their gazes locked onto me and I could feel their eyes scan me up and down, I never had anyone gaze at me for more than a few seconds before, let alone a full minute. My heart was beating so fast in my chest and I couldn’t pull my eyes off of theirs. The headmistress let out an unsure laugh before approaching their sides with her hands folded in front of her, forcing a smile on her aging face.
Against his own will, he said, “No. I can’t just leave the hospital without security.”
It started moving, at first seeming to check out its surroundings, then slowly lowering the tentacled heads down and running them over the ground. I saw it pick up a car and hold it up to the orb. As it held it close, the car began melting. After it was softened it lowered it into the maw of teeth.

I walked the route I’d taken so many times to my own door, only on this odd, darkened floor. It felt like looking at a copy of a copy of a copy—the similarities were there, but it was murkier, blurrier, and distorted. I arrived at 1030, and suddenly got the distinct feeling that I should not knock. I knew I shouldn’t. I knew it was a bad idea.
For a moment, I looked at your face. Your thin, pale face, with those red-veined eyes. Would that be you when my scar faded? Just a walking horror I’d glimpse, then forget?
I figured there was no way someone could get a piece of me while up in the air and with nowhere to run off to. It was impossible, no matter how many scenarios I tried to recreate in my mind.
“Sounds like a load of shit to me. Soldiers are always making up stuff to entertain themselves.”
Kent stopped breathing for a moment when he heard those words. The sickly man spoke again, but with more volume and vigor.
It took me a while to get used to how bad you were at talking to people. Years without practice, made you quite a bit rusty.
“My mom used to say I would lose my head if it wasn’t attached. Thanks again, really, I appreciate it.”
I remained in my house and peeked out the window through the curtains. It was 11 pm. I could clearly see his triangular ears and the muzzle of his canine jaw. I’d spent the weekend reading up on the noise ordinance laws so I knew we were well inside the applicable restrictions. All it would take was one phone call to the non-emergency line and an explanation that this was a consistent pattern now. I wouldn’t even be that asshole neighbor by calling. He was the asshole.
I knew I had to find out who lived in that apartment.
His mother took a drag off her cigarette and then ground it out in the ashtray on the table.  “Sure, Jake,” she said, walking over to the cabinet.  Jake turned his attention to the television, but caught his mom say, “not too much left besides noodles, anyway,” under her breath.  The man on the news was sitting in a studio, talking about the snow.  The news was boring to Jake, but he sat down in his dad’s chair, rested his chin in his hands, elbows propped on the table, and waited for his mom to cook dinner.
“Be alert. One of the strays is still after the Cognizant. They are fixed above your bunker.”
“He does, but he’s missed appointments, and nobody has heard from him,” answered George with an air of certainty. He loved to be the guy with all the answers.
The teens looked at each other in amazement of the stranger’s sudden rudeness.
She pulled the camera into a kiss, and the video cut to black. When it started up again, it and Tracer were already in her bedroom getting busy. The next fifteen minutes were almost pure bliss. Every change in position excited me even more. Tracer’s breathy moans and little twitches as she reached her climax were adorable to watch. The way she called out for more set my heart aflutter, and at last when the clip ended and the Camera pulled away from a thoroughly used Tracer, she smiled up and reached up to wave goodbye.
Kelly.
“Oh my god!” Brittany’s voice.
My breathing quickens. With my other hand, I clasp the side of the sink. My shoulders rise and fall in time with each panicked breath. The hair is tightly wound around my fist.
He was fascinated by the dark tuft of hair between her legs. Peg didn’t have that.
“I can’t tell you, Carter! It’s too utterly beyond thought—I dare not tell you—no man could know it and live—Great God! I never dreamed of THIS!” Stillness again, save for my now incoherent torrent of shuddering inquiry. Then the voice of Warren in a pitch of wilder consternation:
“I don’t have perfect hair.”
Kevin laughed in agreement, “Yea.  I only got one piece.”
“You’re just trying to get me to lose,” he said. “If I tap out then you can give it to someone who you like more.”
Before she realized it she was falling for him. Hard. But until then he did not thoroughly understand her distaste for germs.
The sounds of the forest drifted away until there was nothing, as if Carol had banished them. Kent tried to speak but the silence was so loud it bound his lips. Then, as if someone else was speaking through him, he whispered unknowingly, “Promise me… the sun… will rise again.”
The saggy mound of Roger’s wilted flesh rolled slowly down the slope, piling up at Elliot’s feet. Elliot felt as if he would vomit.

After all, accidents happen.
About 15 or 16 years later I became a journalistic photographer. That show had been in my mind all my life, popping up in my thoughts sporadically. Eventually, I’d had enough, and decided to do some research. I finally managed to uncover the location of the studio where much of that channel’s programming had been recorded. Upon further research and eventually traveling on site, I found out it was now desolate and had been abandoned after the big war ended.
He would have to hide Angie if Mother saw what–
The sensation of the pill and the splash of water I used to swallow it sliding my throat was sickening. A lump that blocked my breathing, moving like a slug down my esophagus.
“Structural damage detected. Repairing wounds.”
I would pay any price.
The green static flickered on the face of the monitor. The computer system of the ship never completely shuts down, but is occasionally requested to sleep during long periods of inactivity. Red lights flared on and off as the backup generators designated all available power to emergency functions. All hands are on deck, including Mason Straitwater, the ship’s head of engineering. Except there aren’t many hands on deck. In fact, Mason hasn’t seen another person since waking up to the sirens and clambering down to the ship’s mainframe computer to assess damages and find out what on earth was happening.

Creak.
I sat in an empty chair at the table and joined them for breakfast.
I went about my usual routine for the rest of the day, spending a few hours working on a program for an upcoming contract deadline and ensuring that my house was in order. I approached my nightly locking ritual with trepidation but was more determined than ever to ensure that everything was locked tightly for the night. On my sixth round of checking the locks, I froze when I reached the front door. There was a person, maybe about six feet tall, standing 30 to 40 feet away from the steps leading up to the door. They remained still and unmoving for what seemed like half an hour as we stared at each other.
You’ll wake up screaming. Your body will remember the pain it’s endured while you quiver in fear. Every time you wake up, you’ll notice subtle differences about your body. A bruise here, a scratch there. But, as each nightmare gradually gets worse, so do the marks which shall be left behind. Before long the scratches will become fresh, bloody scars. If you dreamt that you took a sledgehammer to the knee, you’ll wake and rise, only to find your legs buckling below you as pain surges through your kneecaps. All the while, her words linger in the back of your mind.
There was a long pause. The wind began to whistle through the dunes.


“My name is Sayyid, though I’m known better, perhaps, as Tabib Al’alam.” He noted the shock of horror that flitted across the family’s features at the mention of the name.
As for some of the worse events in history… also Aberrations. The San Francisco fire was caused by an Aberration made of pure flame coming through the rift one night. Chernobyl was a creature that fed on radiation. There’s so much more… it’s just all a lot to take in.
“Oh, Luke… I think I may have left something out of our conversation earlier.” Luke’s eyes shot open as a heap was thrown at him landing on the table next to him. “I feel I should tell you Gwen was never in any danger today.”
So, things had been pretty quiet on our world until a week ago. Another thing that the Administration provided me with is a satellite link so I can view different areas of the world through satellite feeds and get access to almost any camera. I was watching a feed from Florida when I saw that there was a hurricane forming off the coast.
I’m not sure why I’m writing this down on paper and not on my computer. I guess I’ve just noticed some odd things. It’s not that I don’t trust the computer… I just… need to organize my thoughts. I need to get down all the details somewhere objective, somewhere I know that what I write can’t be deleted or… changed… not that that’s happened. It’s just… everything blurs together here, and the fog of memory lends a strange cast to things…
Kent was stunned. He stared at the old man in disbelief, then at the waitress, and then at a payphone on the wall at the back of the restaurant. Pushing the waitress aside, he marched to the phone and picked up the receiver with determination. There was no dial tone. He hung it up, and hung his head in despair. No police. No phone. How could he take Brian to a place like this?
***
Amani did not respond.
The passing of time is strange out here.
Now, now… you have a decision to make.
“It was in the garbage” she replied. “I took it out because I wanted to finish the episode.”
“No need to shout, I’m fine.” A sigh of relief. Cut short as the corner of my vision flashed. The next house had gone dark. It was only Moreen’s house lit on the right side.
“Yup! I’m outside,” he replied. I hung up and slid my cell into my pocketbook. When I walked out of my building, I was greeted by Dennis and his Honda Civic.
He just stayed there, stock still. That’s about at the point where it dawned on me that he looked… off. I didn’t have a clear view of him, just of his head and his eyes, in front of what I assumed was his body but looking a little closer, it appeared as if his body was prostrate, but his head was perfectly upright! Was it just some weird, contorted pose? In the past, I had seen dogs do that sometimes, but right on the ice? I took a step off the porch, and as I did, I noticed something.
I have never before been so sure, as I am now, that I am truly locked in.

Jesus. The goddamn things are still trying to hunt us down even though they’ve been closed off from the rest. The ground shook again and I heard a loud crash from behind the steel door that leads to the elevator.
Coco: What are the police on the scene doing about it?
According to Google, it means, “HE WILL DESTROY US”.
“The one outside is actually from dimension 426-9. First one we’ve encountered from that dimension. Seems like quite the nasty place, from what one of my colleagues told me.”
I awoke instantly at that moment gasping for breath, panting like a dog, sweating profusely. I looked at my hands then checked my throat and my back to make sure i was alright. There was no cuts, no blood. Nothing ever happened. I thought, “how could that have been a dream?” But i soon had an answer when i turned my head and once again was face to face with the wretched red door. I stood up and looked around into the empty darkness, seeing nothing but the red door. I shook my head and tried to make sense of it all but i couldn’t.
(If you want to narrate this story, click HERE)
Or will you decide to… pass it on?
Julian: It appears so. This is great news as this means we will now have a new way to collect water as before we only had about a month’s worth of water left.

“Dale just called me, I’m headed back up.”
“Kanagi.”  Dimitri caught her before she cut the transmission.
Putting the piece of paper in his pocket, he thought: Maybe I’ll go check it out. After all, it is my duty to investigate.
“We have a problem off the coast of Florida. Creature in the middle of a giant hurricane. Looks like a giant black hole but it took a storm chaser plane down.”
Yours forever,
Jaxson rode a motorcycle, drank like a fish, cursed like a sailor and disregarded every rule known to man. He had even been arrested for disorderly conduct a few times; bailing him out gave Amber the hots. He was wild – nearly feral – but he was also considerably less intelligent than she was, thereby making him much easier to manipulate – another trait that Amber liked in her men.
Tracer’s smile widened.
“Who’s dead!? What happened!?” a voice asked. The girl took one more step towards the group and then stopped.
Last night, however, is when I became truly afraid. Walking past the guest room to get to the bathroom, I overheard Mr. Grovewood on the phone. This time, he most certainly spoke.
The computer clicked and whirred, more green words popped up on the monitor. “Correction to your previous query, Mr. Straitwater. There are currently twenty-one life forms on this ship. One surviving member of the SSE Sentinel remains.”
After a moment, Kaylee’s head poked over the edge of the couch and looked me in the eye. “Danny? What are you doing?” she asked.
You won’t save him.
Something touched my toe just as I was about to fall back asleep. Something lifted itself over the edge of the bed and sat on my foot. Something that had claws like a rat — a two foot tall rat — touched my leg. I crushed every impulse to look at it, to jump out of bed or to scream like a little girl.
Erica screams as Caleb tackles her down, giggling. She cried out in shock. Seeing that she’s genuinely annoyed and terrified, Caleb’s overcome with guilt. He apologizes to her. He shows her a drinking straw he used to breathe underwater.
I think that was the moment we realized how on edge our friendship really was. One accident away from complete erasure.
“Get on the ground!” He barked.
He had the posture and self possession of an educated man who was used to obedience. There was nothing forthrightly hostile in his manner, and neither was there an explicit threat in his actions, yet his presence in the room was accompanied by a distinct coldness. He gave the impression of a gracious host welcoming the family as guests in their own home.
My head throbbed with the sound of my own heart desperately trying to escape my chest. One step at a time, pausing between each step to listen, I made my way to the cabin of the truck. When I reached the point where the trailer was attached to the cabin I debated momentarily about disconnecting it for an easier escape. I decided against it, partly because of any noise it could create, and partly because the trailer was the part blocking off the highway. I was only a few steps from the cabin door now so I made a dash for it. I pulled the handle of the door hard, and it flung open! In a matter of seconds I was inside the cab, door shut and locked.
“We’re stretched a little thin at the moment, but it will be taken care of.” He said. The line went dead then. Guess there wasn’t much time to talk.
Automated voice: Aired Approx. 1 year, 4 months, 13 days since the town’s disappearance.
T E C H M I C T I Z N E Q U I.
Julian: We don’t call it philosophy anymore ever since local millionaires Philo and Sophia copyrighted both their names.

Static….error
After all, a sane man would have fallen for the deception long ago.
Keaton opened the car door and dragged Julie’s limp and helpless body toward the open doorway. I looked into Julie’s half-opened and pain-filled eyes and I just couldn’t take it. This was my best friend. I could not let this happen.
Coco: I know, but can we just skip this one.
I tossed it on the bed and flipped the blanket back. In a flash of black, the nightmare tried to skitter over the side of the bed. I didn’t let it get away. I hauled it back by its tiny leg and pinned it down with one hand. We stared into each other’s eyes. The nightmare’s eyes were bright green and malignant beyond anything that I had ever seen. Its face was covered in black shell, but now blue liquid leaked out of cracks in its carapace and colored its white hair. The creature looked at me and I let my face slowly break into a grin. I opened my hand and dropped two chalky, yellow pills beside the creature’s cracked face. Kaylee’s pills. The creature’s green eyes followed them, uncomprehending. I punched it in the face as hard as I could. Its shell made a disgusting cracking noise like someone walking across a floor of cockroaches. Then the nightmare screamed. It screamed so loud that I flinched a little and I almost let it loose. But, it didn’t try to get away. It writhed on the blankets and it shrank and shriveled up like a piece of jerky. When it was just a twisted black thing the size of my thumb, it exploded into black dust and ash and, before I could react, the dust was gone too.
“And?”
”I wanna see if they have any more rodent skulls.”
Coco: Wall dogs can use guns?
Over the course of the afternoon, I learned how to walk, run, and jump when my mind ran hundreds of times faster than my body. But with another four or five orders of magnitude of slow-down caused by the Ambien, body control was almost impossible. I fell on the stairs. Even though I was all-but-frozen in mid-step, controlling my muscles was impossible. I commanded my foot forwards for hours, then backwards for hours more when it seemed like I would miss the next step. Hours attempting to adjust the angle of my ankle, then re-adjusting when it felt wrong.
“Please, call me Shawn. I like it better. I went five years by the name Myers and, believe me, those weren’t my best days.” He said this with a wide smile, showing off his white teeth, courtesy of Air Force Dental.
Jaxson was three years older than her and ten times poorer. Yet she envied him because, despite growing up with next to nothing, he had what she always wanted – an abnormal childhood. Jaxson had been raised on the carnival circuit and had traveled from place to place with no formal schooling and little respect for authority. She had met him at a rock concert when his fledgling band – known as “Bloody Scum” – was opening for an equally eloquently named group, “Spit Spewers”. Whilst standing at the edge of a mosh-pit, she had admired his drumming skills. Yet she only decided to cozy up to him after she watched the group’s grand finale which involved Jaxson repeatedly slamming his head down on the cymbals. Any guy who did that was hardcore, and Amber liked hardcore guys.
And it didn’t stop. Whoever it was, he never stopped screaming long enough to take a breath.
“Rose,” Sarah-Beth unveiled her dirty face from behind her dress, “was it, Momma?”
Shawn looked at Riley, who seemed disappointed. He pulled the phone away from his ear, pointed at it, and mouthed, ‘It’s work. Sorry.’ She waved a dismissive hand before getting up to put on her top.
It wasn’t.
You can’t save yourself either.
This is Captain William Brinkman transmitting for record. Sometime during our sleep zone, pilot Randall Cummings suffered an abnormally heightened case of space psychosis. Essentially, Mr. Cummings went crazy. He disabled seventy percent of the ships functioning capabilities before killing Dr. Ivan Scolar and the ships co-pilot, Debra Yin. Debbie’s screams are what woke us out of our sleep. We found Mr. Cummings stabbing her in her bed. Me, Major Cole and our ecologist, Juna Sax, restrained him, but it was too late for Debbie; we couldn’t stop the bleeding. She died in my arms minutes later. During our restraint of Mr. Cummings, he hit his head on the corner of the bed rail causing a deep gash. We tried to treat it, but…
Now that his lips would open again, David was wailing in agony. I rolled out from under him, and went to work on cauterizing the wound, praying that he wouldn’t die. I paused long enough to dial 911, and explained the need for help over the speaker phone function as I performed the surgery.
Kent felt something. It was still pitch black so he knew he couldn’t see what it was. He lay on his side, sensing a presence behind him. A hand came over his body and clutched him tight. It was Carol.
“My name is Dr. Francis Thurston. It is currently… mmmm… 12:05 pm, on this 12th of April, 1923. I am with patient 233-012, and this will be session number 3.” The typewriter stamped each letter in harsh black ink with a sickening “clack.” Ever since opening this accursed mental health facility, I’ve had to play the sonographer in every single session I’ve done, and the incessant mechanical clicks of this damned machine are driving me mad.
She was on the couch with her hands to her sides and her fists clenched. Her skin was ghostly white in the light from the TV and her mouth was open far enough that it hurt to look at. Her eyes were open too, but they were just staring upward, blank and black.
Coco: Great, I get to die with you.
Lara glanced at the photo and squirmed. “Gross.”
I don’t know what to think. I ran about my apartment furiously, holding my cell phone up to every corner to see if it got a signal through the heavy walls. Finally, in the tiny bathroom, near one ceiling corner, I got a single bar. Holding my phone there, I sent a text message to every number in my list. Not wanting to betray anything about my unfounded fears, I simply sent:
My eyelids fluttered open, feeling impossibly heavy.
It wasn’t a particularly interesting tooth, anyway. It was white with a slight yellow hue to it, like whoever’s mouth it had been in had been healthy enough but maybe not the type for a whitening treatment or bleaching or whatever. I couldn’t tell which tooth it was, like where it came from in the mouth, ‘cause I’m no dentist. Nor did I know any, offhand – but my girlfriend was a nursing student, and maybe she did.
“Hey, come on,” Julie piped up.
What freaked us out the most was a clip of Butcherface in what used to be Chris’s upstairs bedroom before he moved to the basement. He turned the camera on and showed the whole room covered in what appeared to be hundreds of lit candles. They were on every table, chair and shelf. The walls were covered in paintings of grotesque and ghostly faces. He then walked to a corner of the room and started furiously carving something into the floor with the hunting knife. He would stab it into the floor and drag it around, pull it out and stab again. Since that room was vacant at the moment and used for storage, and was going to be renovated anyway, Chris’s father let us tear up the carpet in that area of the room. What we found was a section of the floor that had been heavily sanded down with no real evidence of what had been carved there. Another tape showed footage of Butcherface in that same room, with even more candles. He was on his knees, facing away from the camera, with his arms in the air, screaming to be brought “to the pits of pain and torture” (one interesting thing about this clip is that he only had three fingers on his left hand, missing his pinky and ring finger. He had all five fingers in the previous clips and we think he cut them off) . That was the last clip of that tape and the camera appeared to run out of tape. The last piece of footage on the last tape showed Butcherface furiously digging the hole that we found in the basement. He was digging fast and breathing heavily. He was constantly grunting. His shirt was off but he still had the mask on. After a couple minutes of him just digging. He started talking, saying something like “this is it. This is it. They wont know. They’ll never find me. This is where I’ll hide.”

Luke had heard stories of the Rag and Bone Man day in and day out for the past few weeks and became deathly fearful for his wife. After days of not eating or sleeping, days of worrying and obsessing over Gwen’s safety, he made his mind up – he would travel back to Godstone early. The next day was Sunday, so he had time to pack up Gwen’s and his belongings and bring her to London. There he could protect her, there she would be safe. Luke left for Godstone that night.
I knocked and I heard her familiar voice tell me to enter. The room was pitch black as I stepped in, almost impossible to see. I could make out Ms Kismet, sat in a chair beside the bed. There was a knife on the table beside her. I have never felt more scared, more utterly frightened for my life than I did in that moment.

He really didn’t hate her that much, but she shouldn’t have killed Peg. He was only watching her shower.
“Hi, yes, I’m here. My friend and I are –
“I uh, I figured you’d know. That you’d have heard. She left me. A few months ago. Just up and left. Hasn’t spoken to me since.”
Things calmed down after that incident. The other children weren’t kind, and never would they wish to play with us, but that didn’t bother Remus and me. We had each other and that was enough.
Either I am losing my mind or that was the most realistic dream I have ever had. I rush to her. She wakes up and is smiling at me. Her little hand drops something as I lift her up. I look down to see the little pink elephant with the yellow star. I must have fallen asleep after her appointment today.
“No way!” Brian shouted defiantly. “I’m not afraid of stupid bugs!”

The Gift arrived suddenly, the light of its impact visible in our skies, shining bright and cruel even to the unaugmented ocular receptor. We watched and we wept for our victims, dead so many Deelis before the light of their doom had even reached us. Many 6^4s of those who had been directly or even tangentially involved in the creation of the Gift sealed their spiracles with paste as a final penance for the small roles they had played in this atrocity. The light dimmed, the dust cleared, and our Observatories refocused upon the place where their shining blue world had once hung in the void, and found only dust and the pale gleam of an orphaned moon, wrapped in a thin, burning wisp of atmosphere that had once belonged to its parent.
“Oh, will you just shut it already?” Tracer… no, Lena, snapped. She picked up a knife from the desk and stood behind her soon to be ex-girlfriend.
“He’s… dead…” she said one last time before taking her hands off her abdomen. As she did this, her intestines spilled out onto the pavement, and the house filled with screams.
“What’s on those tapes isn’t anything like what you’re imagining.
“You see, I knew who you were, as your name was the last thing screamed in this house when I paid poor sweet Gwen a visit two days ago…” As Luke’s eyes focused at the table his heart bled cold as he could merely look at Gwen’s cold, dead body minus her left and right arms. “Gwen was in no danger today, but she would have really appreciated you being here two days ago.” The Rag and Bone Man laughed.
“The thing that will kill you is washing the blood off of its claws.”
“Coma? He was just in here last week.” He lowered his scissors, and looked right at George’s reflection with a stunned look on his face. “Come to think of it, he said he had a doctor’s appointment later that day. He wasn’t looking too good either.”
A thud and shuffling of movement outside the cramped room gave him his answer. It came from nowhere, the scuttling sound of hollow limbs on metallic frames, but it rose so frightfully and suddenly from the void outside the computer room, and it was drawing ever closer with alarming speed. Mason quickly turned his attention back to the monitor. “Computer,” he barked, “shut down mainframe access doors immediately!”
The tapes certainly weren’t bootlegged movies like Chris’s father believed. They were the home movies of an unknown man we eventually began to call Butcherface. There was seemingly no flow from one scene to the next. It was like he would just film something random for what was usually just a couple minutes then put the camera away for god knows how long until he found something else that interested him. Most of the footage was random footage like him turning on the camera, facing a chair. He would walk out from behind the camera, to the chair, push it over onto the floor, walk back to the camera and turn it off. Or him playing with a random spider, which he would talk to in a low, childlike voice, then end the tape with him squashing it. Or him just filming down at his feet as he walks while deeply breathing. The one thing that always stuck out about all the footage is that on the few times that his face was shown, he was seen wearing what looked like a burlap sack tightly tied around his head with twine with two eye holes cut out. He was also a big guy, being easily over 6 feet tall with a decent build, with some muscles, but not being buff.
Atop his naked groin, he felt the cold security of Peg, and beneath him the gritty soil.
Julian: Like I said it’s been a hard time for all of us this past year.
“You’re going to get what you always wanted,” she crackled.
A high-pitched noise was building louder and louder. It took me a minute to realize it was Katie, screaming her lungs out. I lunged at her and slapped her, shocking her into silence.
He slowly handed the bill back to Riley, expecting a surprised look that he had given up so easily, but no such look was given. She simply smiled and took it to the counter.
“Oh God,” he muttered. Ever since he was a boy, Kent had a paralyzing fear of spiders. He hated all creepy crawlies, but the idea that spiders trap things in their webs and then slowly suck the life out of them was more than he could handle. He prayed he could get his son to change his mind.
“That’s it!” he said aloud to the empty shop. He was tired and just wanted to go home, and sleep off whatever he was coming down with. He shut off the lights, grabbed his coat, and locked up. As he stepped out of sight of the front display window something about the size of a child’s fist slipped down from the ceiling on a thin strand of filament. It landed on the counter littered with the tools of the barber trade, and swiftly headed towards the back room.

Julian: What happened next?
I looked up at the ceiling and screamed as loud as I could.
Kent gave his son a hug and left him in the care of the harmless teens, the ticket taker, and the spider-themed funhouse. It wouldn’t take very long to have his fortune told, since there was no one in line. He walked slowly towards the tent, with a strange feeling in his stomach; attributing it to the earlier motion sickness. As he pulled back the curtain and entered the tent, he knew he had made some kind of fatal mistake.
Jeff The Killer
Time was precious, so he went in and cleaned up. He grabbed a towel and went to Angie’s room.
Julian: That doesn’t sound like sheriff Peterson at all.
“Always four times. Sometimes more times if I need to.”
Coco: Wow, you got me a cup of cocoa.
“You’re acting like nobody has parties during exams.” I retorted. “I’m sure I won’t be missing much.” I was never really someone that enjoyed parties, even when I got to college. Truth is, I never got anything out of them other than a hangover and makeup stains on my pillow.
Maybe the worm is missing him too, she thought, and felt another pang of loss.
Oh, don’t get the wrong idea. He never stopped killing kids. The asylum doors didn’t stop him from doing what he liked. It just made him improvise.
It fell slowly to the ground. When it finally landed, I could see it standing up on the other side of town, towering over everything else in the area.
The weird shit started at 2:43.

I recoiled in shock. “What the hell was that?” I thought, as I reached to touch the wall again, only to find my fingers clipped through once more.
“What do you mean, ‘trouble with the meat?’”
A week passed in a blur. I kept going to work (I fix motors) and tried to keep it out of my mind. The apartment felt dark and empty. I went to meetings every day.
“Can you look up who lives there? I need to know their name.”
“Check out the crazy eyes. She’s totally lost it,” one Mimi says.
Vasily – my son now – knows nothing about any of this, of course. I told him only that he was adopted away from a situation which he was likely not to survive. The mirthful optimism I saw on his face when he was born survives to this day inside his heart. Sister, in all her malice, had only managed to suppress it for a while. And now, almost 50 years later, he still visits his elderly mother every single day.”

Though the Sun was almost completely up Luke saw no-one around the small houses and barns as he dragged his near spent body towards home. He felt groggy and light-headed but he forced his legs onwards. His vision became hazy, doubling at times as he got to within fifty yards from his home. His numb and cold body were becoming increasingly resistant to his mind’s will to keep moving, when he heard him.
Part of the reason that Amber and Lara got along so well was that they were practically duplicates – two Goth chicks in their early 20s who hated normalcy, loved rough boys and horror movies and were fascinated by all things dark and weird. They had met when they were eighteen and working at an alternative bookstore. They bonded over volumes on the occult and freak-show history. Truthfully, they also bonded whilst parading around town together looking like two witches heading to a conference on black magic. Plus, Lara had a car and, as old and decrepit as it was, it got them from Point A to Point B. Amber appreciated that bonus, she wouldn’t be caught dead taking the bus. Public transportation was just so common.
I knocked on 1030’s door. The same exact thing happened: footsteps approached the door. The handle started to turn, then immediately stopped, and the door was locked. I started knocking louder.
Mark knew he wasn’t a loser.  His parents knew it, and always told him, or always used to, at least.  His coaches knew it, and he got the praise he deserved for carrying his team to win after win.  His teachers might not know it, but fuck them.  What did they matter?  Sure, they had good words for some kids, like Amber goddamn Bailey, but Mark knew better.  Amber got good grades, but she was a fucking bore.  Plain.  Forgettable.  She’d stay in Flagstaff her whole life.  Sure, she’d go to college, but she was too polite and complacent to make anything of herself.  As it turned out, she didn’t even go to college.  She was a little too busy caring for an infant and trying to set up a home with her semi-willing husband.  Mark didn’t go to college either, football scholarship or no, but it was further down on his list of life complaints at that point, definitely below “having a new kid” and “being forced to marry Amber Bailey.”
“Christ, now I have to deal with this, too?” his dad said, but his mother had apparently sobered a little, and she came over to comfort Jake.
The neighbor with the saw turned his head away, as if in submission. The tattooed neighbor paused in his tirade.
Or maybe that’s just hindsight talking. I confess I felt some of his anger as I watched the scene. I just wanted a good night’s sleep, for god’s sake, and did he really have to be working on this damn project between the hours of 10 pm and 2 am?
“Anything’s better than needles. Besides, women gave birth at home for centuries before there was medicine and the human race survived. Plus, the women in my family always have easy births and healthy kids. It’ll be fine.”
“Teddy, why didn’t you take out the garbage?”

But it was hard not to watch. Admittedly, some guys would laugh at the footage, but I was more sympathetic. This man was seemingly having some type of odd psychological breakdown, or some appearance of schizophrenia or something, but was somehow passing every mental health check we gave him. We had no idea what was going on. But the laughing soon stopped.
However, many of us still retain that terror which our ancestors felt, and this is what led me in a direction I would ultimately regret following.
Between them was a puddle of urine the size of a pancake. He gave her genitals a curious poke.
How I’d come to you every day. How we would talk, every day. How we would meet for the first time, every day, for the last three years.
The trucker was killed on impact. This wasn’t much of a surprise, given he wasn’t wearing a seatbelt. My boyfriend, however, somehow managed to walk away from the crash with only a few cuts and bruises. The newspapers called it miracle so I hear, and perhaps it was. Not so much for me, though.
“I bet she’s got a bird’s nest down there,” says the right.
“I don’t need it. I’m not going to a hospital; if I can pop this kid out right here, I swear I will.”
At the bottom of the bag we found a shoebox. It was stained and warn, we couldn’t even see the brand of shoe that used to be in it. We carefully took it out and removed the top (which seemed to have been glued closed). Inside was a series of papers and photos. The photos were pretty disturbing. One was a close-up of a hand covered in pins (those ones with the long point with the tiny ball of colored plastic at one end). There were so many of them that it looked like a porcupine. Another one had a (presumably) dead dog lying on the ground (All we could really see of it’s surroundings was the dirt of the ground. Behind it was too dark). We assume it was dead because it was missing half it’s face. The flesh of the side of the face that was facing the camera was gone, making it look like it was smiling with a lidless eye. There were a lot more picture including a cow with blood on it’s mouth, a very pale looking foot, various 70’s and 80’s era toys, a collection of knives, a hand and arm painted multiple colors like patchwork, and a close-up of an eyeball.
When the monster reached my neck, I moved.
When I made it home my heart was still beating out of my chest, even though I knew I was safe. I should have called the police right then, told them about what had happened, they could have taken a look at the store cameras and possibly identified the man. I could ask my boss to switch me to day shifts, to avoid a situation like this again.

Hello…


As each day draws to a close, it’s yearning to see its father’s eyes grow. If it could just become one again, it thought, if it could just become whole.
“Truth,” I said. Has to be better than dare.
The food rations past day 5 had not been so much as touched. There were chunks of meat from the dead test subject’s thighs and chest stuffed into the drain in the center of the chamber, blocking the drain and allowing 4 inches of water to accumulate on the floor. Precisely how much of the water on the floor was actually blood was never determined. All four ‘surviving’ test subjects also had large portions of muscle and skin torn away from their bodies. The destruction of flesh and exposed bone on their finger tips indicated that the wounds were inflicted by hand, not with teeth as the researchers initially thought. Closer examination of the position and angles of the wounds indicated that most if not all of them were self-inflicted.
I stared at Keaton in disbelief for a moment, before uttering a disgusted ugh noise and shaking my head. Keaton huffed and grew suddenly impatient.
[MESSAGE ENDS]
She didn’t say anything else and I didn’t know what to say.

“Shall we begin?”
The claws on the front door resounded so heavily that I could only imagine the deep gashes that were being made. My parents were unknowing, though, and tired of their daughters constant night terrors. They did not reply; so, I tapped even more earnestly, pleading for sanctuary. My father, exhausted and unsympathetic, flung open the door. My heart seized up for a moment from his sudden appearing, as panic stricken as I already was.
The longer it went, the angrier I got. Then, around 12:30 am the noise stopped for a full fifteen minutes. I sat on my living room sofa, listening intently, hoping that I could finally get to sleep.
“Then why do you believe in them?”
I only caught a glimpse of that thing when his light hit it. It shrieked and leaped away as if burned, revealing the mangled carcass of the other officer. I could see the white of bone and a mess of red that had been rendered unrecognizable. A telltale thud alerted me to the creature’s presence on my roof. The remaining officer spun around, boots crunching in the snow, and tried to follow the beast. He raised his gun but didn’t fire. I heard scratching on the roof heading away from myself and the officer, which ceased a moment later.
Roger whistled and raised his eyebrows.  “I got just the thing for you,” he said with a hint of a laugh, and then turned to walk towards the door to the back.  As he went, he called back to Mark, “I bet that coffee would go down even better with some food, wouldn’t it?” and then opened the door onto a pitch-black room beyond, stepped in, and let the door swing slowly shut behind him.
A day of angry, pounding rain changed that. The road to the office had become a river. I saw a little, metallic-blue Honda abandoned on the shoulder and Kylee, drenched and wretched, hiking along the road with her head down and her dark hair a dripping sheet over her face. I had to pull over — I couldn’t leave her like that.
Still, sound didn’t bother to come out.
I backed up the stairs again and locked myself in my bedroom once more. I spent the rest of the night pointing my shotgun at the door, listening intently for any signs of forced entry. I waited several hours after the sun had come up before venturing back downstairs.

“Oh, shit!” Dennis exclaimed after I closed the passenger side door. “I forgot to tell you, it changed. It’s cool, though – it’s at this other dude’s house that we know. It’s close to the woods.”
“Tired,” I admitted, “but I’ve been worse.”
“I live alone.” The old man said. “I haven’t had a woman in this apartment for two years. There is no woman in this apartment.”
“Hey, calm down, calm down. We’re just talking.”
“He wasn’t one of those kids?” the man asked, motioning to the teenagers.
”Don’t be so nice, I don’t want to dirty up your stuff. It’ll just take a second.”
“How about we take her for a spin?”
As I got out of the elevator, I already felt the air shift. It was much colder on this floor. And darker. But otherwise, it was almost identical to the eleventh floor.
My sister and I are sitting next to each other. It’s lunchtime in the screaming, jam-packed cafeteria, and I’m poking my chicken nuggets like they’re alien specimens, when Brittany and her two Mimi’s come over. I don’t know why my sister and I call Brittany’s two goons the Mimi’s, but trust me, the name suits. They’re three distinct people, but I see them more like a single entity. A three-headed-goblin.
“Your kid!”
Just then, Roger lifted the pan off the range and transferred something from inside to a nearby plate.  He set it on the bar alongside a coffee cup, and then leaned forward on his hands, the picture of pride.  “Soup’s on!” he said cheerily, and raised his eyebrows at Mark.

“Who should I call?”
“I didn’t do anything,” Billy chortled. “I’m serious.”
My only close friend was Tina, who was a year older than me. We spent almost all our time with each other, constantly dreaming about life outside of Vermont. The people in our town were strange folk. Different. Different than in other places. One thing I didn’t realize about small towns until I moved to the city is how incredibly superstitious people in towns like mine could be. They believed in the strange, the paranormal. They believed in Luvia.
“No, sir. No voices at least. I did hear this loud rumbling noise, like the sound when a boulder falls down a slope, but that’s all.”

After about a minute, it became clear that the soldiers were not chasing her. The danger was passed. She took a moment to catch her breath, and when the adrenaline wore off, and the pain returned, so did her rage and dejection.
“Request acknowledged.” The single door leading into the computer room shut and locked with a synthetic hiss. Moments later, the small peephole placed on the door darkened and Mason had a grim feeling as to why. The monsters were here to claim their final victim. Mason regarded his sinister foe intently. The face that stared blankly back at him held no features, no eyes, no mouth, not even a nose or some unearthly proboscis, just a dark leathery face. He’s seen the bloodshed over the security cameras, he knows that these creatures could open the fragile door with ease and get into this room. There’s been evidence of forceful break-ins all over the ship. It could take minutes, maybe even seconds if several of them worked together, and they’d be in the room to finish the job. But the creature continued to stare at Mason. It’s waiting, he thought. It’s waiting for me to do something, but what?
I know, Dad. I know what you did.
“David?! Holy shit you had me worried I thought you went to the house.”
“I can assure you, this is all real. You’re very much awake, and that creature in the sky is as real as you and I are.” The man smiled at me as if we were just talking about something as simple as the weather, not a death giant in the sky.
“This is Daedalus,” Dimitri began, his English thick with a Russian accent.  Pulling up the confirmation codes needed for an unscheduled transmission from his console screen he continued, “Confirmation: Echo…Rainbow…straw-hat…seven…four…razorblade…”
“Hi,” he greeted me. I couldn’t really describe his voice. It was just a deep, unearthly sound.
I can never forget her final act of cruelty against Vasily (I named him myself after Sister could not be bothered). It was morning, and I had walked outside into our yard to smell the air. The child was lying motionless on the ground there, and seemed quite dead – smeared as he was with his own blood. His little fingers and toes were black with frostbite; Sister had not even bundled him in anything when she laid him down hours ago in the dark of night. The crows, which were as hungry as we were, had plucked his beautiful eyes and tongue from his still-living body. I grabbed him up with tears already pouring down my cheeks, thinking that I had claimed a corpse. It was only when he stirred against my breast that I realized he might be saved.
Right. Of course he knew me. Stupid question.
Of all the places for it to happen, it was at work during an important meeting with my boss. Luckily for me, it was a telephone meeting, so I was able to hang up, get my breathing under control and then call back; blaming my sudden absence on a bad connection.
“No, obviously – I mean, something’s wrong with the teachers. Why aren’t they letting us out? They should be sending us home or at least bringing doctors in here, but they’re cooping us up with other sick kids. Do our parents know? What’s happening? We have no way of knowing what’s going on!”
“What is this town hiding that would drive people mad?” was all I could think as the sun slowly set through the window in my small hotel room. The innkeeper was very pleasant, just like that girl. And so the story continued on and on for 2 more days as people gave me confused looks when I poked and prodded about my patients or the dreams or “The Cult of Him” as I had begun to think of it as. Maybe this was just a huge coincidence?
So, I reached to touch the wall.
“I don’t know,” I said. “I don’t know.”
“What kind of something?” I asked.
Suddenly, Katie hushed me. “Listen,” she whispered, pressing her ear against the door.
Shawn took one last drag of his cigarette. He didn’t smoke regularly, but this occasion nearly called for one. It had been years since his last job interview, and it was all he could do to stop his hands from shaking. He looked at the cigarette and remembered the time he had promised his parents to never do such a thing. Now he wished he had time to start another one. The numbers on the dash of his car read 0754. Time to go inside. Shawn flicked his cigarette and collected his papers, stepped outside, and took a deep breath. He read the massive steel banner atop the building. Although the place seemed surprisingly well kept and the banner said “Grassy Plains Behavioral Health Center,” he could see only dark clouds, a bolt of lightning, and the words “Insane Asylum”. He knew these places rarely called themselves that anymore, but deep down they were one in the same.
I can’t properly explain thalassophobia better than that. It’s a primal, visceral fear, and for good reason. Our ancestors knew that in the water, they couldn’t fight back against an attacker, or even run away. And thus, they grew to fear that which they did not understand. Though, as technology advanced, we enabled ourselves to indulge our curiosity and explore this forbidden land.
“We’re not in the business of murdering, sir. Quite the opposite, actually.”
Mason sat back horrified. This wasn’t possible. Out of the entire ship’s crew of over 1500, only twenty-two remained. Did everyone else already evacuate and the rest haven’t received the evac news yet? No, there was some other factor in the equation, he just couldn’t see it. Whatever was going down, whatever had set off the alarms and emergency protocol within the ship, it was far from anything Mason had received in his training.
Since the plan was for me to stay the night and help them out the next day and leave that sunday night, we decided to watch them that night. Since Chris’s father was tired and didn’t really care what was on the tapes he went to bed a little bit early that night. So, we pulled their old VCR from their attic, hooked it up to the tv in Chris’s room and took one of the tapes out of the bag and slipped it in.
“I’m sorry—I was about to get ready for bed. I’ve got an early workday tomorrow. Do you mind?”
A longer pause, the computer would never take this long to answer such a simple question as taking inventory of crew members. Finally the computer blipped and scrolled out its sinister answer.
Now, however, he didn’t recognize any of these familiar sights.  There was only snow.  The snow had drifted up onto the porch, and the only red paint still visible was on the columns supporting the overhang.  The steps, sidewalk, and road were indistinguishable from each other, except for a row of intermittent bulges that marked the parked cars at the edge of the roadway.  The pool was just a slight mound on the right side of the area where the lawn used to be.  Beyond that, the drifting flurries obliterated everything.  Bobby Guilliford could be standing in his front yard across the street, playing with his juggling balls, and Jake would never know.

“Look outside. Tell me what you see.”
“Boy or a girl?”
“Look,” I said, “it’s fine. Let’s just forget about it.”
“Well I’m not doing it. Forget it.”
When I say that there was nothing there, I mean that it was totally black, like peering into a completely dark space, devoid of light. There should have been a rib cage there. There wasn’t. There was nothing.
I woke up with a very familiar sensation, one that had plagued my nightmares as well as my sleep paralysis incidents for the past year.
“Well, they couldn’t take the tumour out so, they came up with another plan.” My mother said, smiling sweetly.

“You may call me Sayyid,” he responded.
I froze. I had always had a slight phobia of air travel, and something about this call just… there’s no way I was about to get on a seven hour flight now. I turned around and headed toward the food court. I’d just get another flight later in the afternoon, I figured.
She was pale. Shaking.
I decided to turn in for the night. There wasn’t much else to do at the moment, and nothing could be done about the hurricane. I’m sure they would have it taken care of by morning.
If Mother had liked the nasty, she would have been proud of his idea.
It was only a few feet away when I heard it. The low hum from before. It was coming from the next room and it was deeper. I could almost feel it inside my body, like when you stand next to an amp at a concert. The feeling of the bugs on me lessened as the hum grew louder. As I placed my hand on the doorknob, the bugs were completely gone but I couldn’t bring myself to turn the knob. I knew that if I let go, the bugs would return and there was no way I would make it back to room four. I just stood there, my head pressed against the door marked six and my hand shakily grasping the knob. The hum was so loud I couldn’t even hear myself pretend to think. There was nothing I could do but move on. Room six was next, and room six was Hell.
“My jacket doesn’t fit anymore,” Jake said, stretching his arms out, the sleeves only coming to his mid-forearm.
It had been at least half an hour since the last time I caught site of the beast in my mirror. The Beast wasn’t fast enough to actually catch up with the trailer, even though it was never far behind me; it hasn’t caught up with me. I decided to take a chance to check out the map I’d seen when looking for the keys earlier. I’d keep the truck on in neutral so I could go at the first sign of the thing without hesitation. It took a few minutes to estimate exactly where I was on the map, but if I was correct on my position based on a few road signs I’d passed, I wasn’t too far from a small city. All I needed to do was keep going straight. I felt a small laugh rise in me. How could those hicks have given such basic direction and it remains true for this much distance?
Entwining it through my fingers, I notice my hand is trembling.
Luke had walked almost all night and dawn was approaching. His legs were like lead and his bones ached. His fingers were blue and his feet were numb. He was now nearly half a mile from home approaching the final few roads when he saw a very unnerving and unwelcoming sight. Stood at the foot of Godstone Hill was a figure. Luke could not make him out in too much detail as the soon dawning sun was still beyond the horizon, but in the dim of the dying dark he could make out the figure of a tall and broad man.
***
I was awoken at 2:13 am by the sound of a woman shrieking. It was a bloodcurdling scream, of panic and fear. But then everything fell silent again. I sat up in bed and listened carefully for a moment but heard nothing more. I shook it off and thought maybe it was just some girl screaming outside being chased by a coyote or armadillo or something. The thought made me giggle a little, but then i yawned and laid my head back down closing my eyes once again drifting into slumber.
“Oh who cares about her? She’s hardly the point.” he waved his hand again. “I don’t even remember now. She was just another face in the crowd.”
“All pregnant women see doctors; you can even get free care–”
All three subject’s restraints were reinforced and they were placed back into the chamber awaiting determination as to what should be done with them. The researchers, facing the wrath of their military ‘benefactors’ for having failed the stated goals of their project considered euthanizing the surviving subjects. The commanding officer, a former KGB agent, instead saw potential, and wanted to see what would happen if they were put back on the gas. The researchers strongly objected, but were overruled.
And there is one bit of the conversation that sticks out to me today. The last bit. Georgina Hicks hanging her head, her greasy, steel-wool hair drooping forlornly as she shook her head back and forth and said, “I know you. I read your stories. You never believed me either.”
“I’ll be fine.”

It was almost time; he would have to hurry. Back in his sister’s room, he took off his jeans and knelt beside the corpse.
Then, in the distance, I heard footsteps, but not those of a human’s— at least not a normal human. Alongside the footsteps was a gurgling snarl, like that of an angry animal.
After feeling more alone knowing there was no one to talk to, I started to notice the feeling of being followed more frequently. I completed my ninth section, and I knew something was there at that point. Something was getting closer. It was ready to make itself known to me. The energy was there. It started in the shadows down hallways and shot through my nerves and made me shiver when I snapped around to look for it. Admittedly, I started to become anxious. I began walking faster down halls trying to look for the tenth section. I was breathing heavier and continued to try the radio for anyone. No answers still.
For a while, I think I really felt confident about it. I believed I could survive the year without losing any more pieces of me.
“Y-yeah… For sure…”
“Yeah.”
The surgery must be over then, I mused. That would mean that I was officially free from cancer’s malevolent grip.
“Fine,” I say, walking to the door. I grasp the handle. “Let’s swap. I’ll be Scarface and you can be Camilla the gorilla!” I rush out and slam the door behind me.
“Come on, we’re getting out of here!” I ordered. There was no way we were going to hide in a room full of bodies – I’d find somewhere else to wait while we figured out a plan. We crept out the door and tiptoed down the hall to the next classroom. I pulled the handle and flung myself inside.
I sighed in contentment, finally accepting the fact that everything had gone well. But…
He had always watched her dress from the closet, but he never seen her thing up close.
I let out an irate grunt as my fist shot forward and slammed right into Keaton’s mouth. His head snapped back as he let out a loud oof! He staggered back a single step and clutched his lip. I heard Billy utter “oh, shit!” from the car.
“Yeah. I’m going to the closest one. It’s only about fifteen minutes away. Hopefully, my car can outrun that thing.”
Date Unknown
It was a kids’ show that lasted about 30 minutes and contained strange and sinister images. To this day I believe it was a thinly veiled attempt on the part of the media to use scare tactics to keep kids in place, because the moral of every episode revolved around very uptight ideologies: stuff like, “bad kids stay up late,” “bad kids have their hands under the covers when they sleep,” and “bad kids steal food from the fridge at night.”
Destiny was good enough for my purposes. I found her in an online listing. She was a tall, toned blonde with short curly hair and a thousand-watt smile. She came dressed in tight-fitting jeans and a tank top. In a lot of ways, she was very inconspicuous. I kind of respected that about her. I had to pay her upfront, but that wasn’t a problem. She put my $500 into her purse for safekeeping, and I knew I’d just get it back later.
“Heh. Maybe we can catch a glimpse, make this deployment useful. Let’s head over to the dunes, there might be a few targets camping there.”
“Understandably, I do not expect you to accept the current circumstances you find yourself in. Perhaps, with time, my intentions will become clearer.”
A syringe.
“You should come here,” she said, laughing.
Coco: I hate this town.

“Yes… you’re going to hurt me you’re going to hurt me…” He continued to sob and rock.
“Lena…” I said softly. I pulled her arm out of the screen. The glass fell away as her head came through. She looked at me with wide, adoring eyes. She looked at me like she would be mine forever. Her other hand came up and caressed my cheek. Her smile widened. Then her mouth opened.
I watched him for a few seconds. His skin seemed paler than usual, with cracks running all along it. He must be sick or something, I figured, because your skin would have to be pretty dry for me to see it from that far away, at least 30 feet. He just stood there looking around until his eyes locked on something. A woman was running down the street, and he intercepted her path, tackling her to the ground. He got atop her and looked like he was putting something in her mouth, but a second later he violently pulled his hand back with something in it. I had to strain my eyes to properly see what it was, and I wish I didn’t… it was her jaw. He had ripped it clean off her head. I wanted to look away, I really did. I just wanted to go back to my bed and pretend none of this was happening. But I couldn’t. My eyes were locked on her, lying below him, writhing in pain on the floor as a pool of blood formed around her.
“Some girl that goes to our school went missing, like, two weeks ago,” said the clown. “The last time anyone saw her was at that fair with the giant corn maze.” I tilted my head to the side. I remembered hearing something about a missing student, but I didn’t know the details of what happened.
“He’s back,” he said.
Mark sat staring at him, unsure of how to respond.  He didn’t bother bringing up that Flagstaff had about as much snow as anywhere; this man was clearly impressed with himself and arguing with him wasn’t going to accomplish anything.  “Well,” he said eventually, “what do you suggest?”
It was on one of these occasions that things changed, Emma was nine and Howard had just measured her “Quiet Emma, soo good, soo sweet. Four foot two, from head to feet” he sang. Emma, as usual hugged her father and laughed. Brenda on the other hand appeared in the doorway, 2 suitcases by her side, the familiar sneer upon her face. She told him he was pathetic and that she was leaving him. She told him a few home truths, truths that anybody in the town could and did tell him years ago.
“Brian, I don’t think this is such a good idea.”
“Huh?” He was confused by her displaced question, her banal motherliness.
Riley sank into the couch cushion. “You know, I used to watch this show when I was younger. About the ‘paranormal’ or whatever. I don’t remember which one. Anyway, I’m sure it was all a load of bull but I do remember them saying that some spirits just take to people, just like they would if they were alive. Maybe they just think you’re special and they want to send their message onto you and theI hate scarecrows. I have ever since I was little. I found something about the dolls stuffed with straw unsettling. I remember my parents tried to help me get over this fear by telling me things like, “They’re not scary, they only want to be friends” or some other lame line to get me to lighten up. When I got older, my fears began to fade. Scarecrows still weren’t my favorite things in the world, but they weren’t the nightmare fuel they used to be. This all changed, however, after the events that took place last Halloween.
My skin’s gotten a lot paler, and my eyes hurt all the time now. I couldn’t go to school like you did all those years. I haven’t wasted my time though. I found Joey’s pit.
“Sit on the bed. And start filming,” she said. My legs shaking, I somehow managed to make myself walk over to it and do as she asked, sitting down and swinging the camera up to film her. I began to ask what she wanted me to do, what she wanted me to film. She just told me to keep the camera rolling and not stop until she instructed me to. Nothing else.
“Yeah,” I said, and realized I was sweating. I wiped my brow, wishing we could be doing this at Charlie’s or the Thorned Bush or the Nightcall or any of the bars I used to call my second home. Or that I could at least smoke in this fucking building. “In the backyard. I was just curious as to what they were, if they were, like, human or whatever. You know?”
I gave up entirely after that. How could I not?
“Bye, dear.”Click. I looked back out at them, almost impossible to see now. It was only because I knew they were there that I could even make out their shapes. And I could still hear them. They were louder now. I could make out a couple words. Then just one, over and over. Help.
That was when he told me about the NoEnd House. It got that name because no one had ever reached the final exit. The rules were pretty simple and cliche: reach the final room of the building and you win $500. There were nine rooms in all. The house was located outside the city, roughly four miles from my house. Apparently, Peter had tried and failed. He was a heroin and who-knows-what-the-fuck addict, so I figured the drugs got the best of him and he wigged out at a paper ghost or something. He told me it would be too much for anyone. That it was unnatural.
Erica stumbles back. Fear, shock and confusion have frozen her. He’s not moving — his eyes shut, mouth slightly open. A couple of seconds pass before Erica twitched a finger. She gathered what little strength flushed out of her to pull Caleb into the land. He’s not breathing.
“Because I felt like I’d been there before. I felt like I was returning to a stable point in my life about which the whole world was turning, and into which I was about to fall… perhaps forever.”
“She’s like a gorilla,” one says.
“Well, you’re slow today. Come on. Ask me your questions.”
He proved us wrong, though. Right from the start, he created an impressive shelter, a nice, sustainable fire, and found a hearty bush with berries that would sustain him for a few days or weeks until he found other food sources. Adam thrived where we thought he’d fail.
As awful as this sounds, you’ll be doing me an enormous favor. Death by a headshot, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, is vastly better than the alternative.
Shawn met a Cambria police detective in front of the hospital and explained that Mildred was found in a field just shy of two miles from the hospital. She was discovered at the bottom of a steep hill with a broken neck. The story was that she must have walked the distance, an astonishing feat for a woman in her condition, until she met the steep decline, where she lost for footing and tumbled down like Jack and Jill. It was the detective who made that comparison, laughing while he said it. The detective had likely seen dead bodies before, but Shawn had seen the process. More than once during his time in Iraq had he seen a man take his last breath. Shawn didn’t laugh.
Theirs would be the final preparations that would need to be made in advance of the full crew arrival in three months’ time.  The Olympus Space Station was a masterpiece of civil engineering and deep-space construction created as a long-term alternative to the archaic tin-can known as the International Space Station.  Built to comfortably house a working community of two-hundred and eighty-eight people, Laura’s team was responsible for a large variety of nit-picking tasks.  From inputting personal and medical data of all the incoming personnel to testing every system available to test, they would have their hands full, no doubt, but the heavy lifting had already been done.  Dimitri would be the first OSS Commander to maintain the station at capacity and she would be one of the flight crew.  It was all very exciting.
None of the drugs I had tested so far have ever done anything for me, in the recreational sense. In other words, none of the drugs I’ve tested have given me a killer buzz, or mellowed me out, or anything. Maybe I’ve always ended up the placebo group, but nothing I’ve tested had affected me at all.
It had been three weeks since I heard any word from David. In the six months since we started dating, we had only gone three days without talking, and that was after a pretty intense fight. There was nothing out of the ordinary when I had talked to him last, he had just mentioned that he was going to check something out a friend told him about. But then I got a really weird text the night before. It was from David, but it wasn’t from his number. It only had five words in it:
A stitch was forming in Amani’s side, but adrenaline muted most of the pain. She pushed forward, ignoring the burning in her lungs and was on the hill and halfway up when Sayyid called out “10! 9! 8!”
“I never got to kiss you, either.”
* * * * * *
“Your penance for that little act of disobedience,” the madman informed her, “is going to be this little game. I’ll give you a five minute head start, which I’ll signify by a shot from my pistol,” he showed her the weapon in question. “If you manage to make it out of the line of sight of my riflemen over here,” he pointed to the soldiers standing next to him, “you win, and I’ll let you leave.”
I closed my door softly, and walked the other direction, taking care not to make a sound. I have no idea why I chose to do that, but it was fun giving in to the strange impulse not to break the droning hum of the soda machines, at least for the moment. I got to the stairwell, and took the stairs up to the building’s front door. I looked through the heavy door’s small square window, and received quite the shock: it was definitely not lunchtime. City-gloom hung over the dark street outside, and the traffic lights at the intersection in the distance blinked yellow. Dim clouds, purple and black from the glow of the city, hung overhead. Nothing moved, save the few sidewalk trees that shifted in the wind. I remember shivering, though I wasn’t cold. Maybe it was the wind outside. I could vaguely hear it through the heavy metal door, and I knew it was that unique kind of late-night wind, the kind that was constant, cold, and quiet, save for the rhythmic music it made as it passed through countless unseen tree leaves.
I wasn’t really sure what to expect even if they were to leave me an answer, since nothing could possibly justify what had been done to me.
“I’m in 1130. Who is in 1030?”
“Good, good… You’re doing great, Jeremy…” Tracer cooed. “Don’t worry. It’ll all go away soon. I’ll make it go away…”
“Awesome!” Keaton’s mood flipped like a switch, and he was smiling and giddy once again. He and Peter bent down and grabbed me by the armpits, and this time I did not fight. They lifted me and shoved me into the backseat, where Julie had now gone mostly still but trembled as Billy held her in a tight bearhug and cupped his hand over her mouth. Her eyes met with mine and the look we shared was one of dread.
Three days later, a pregnancy test came back positive. She had brought it on a whim after her bouts of morning sickness weren’t responding to Tylenol. She hadn’t believed it at first but when three others came back likewise, she begrudgingly accepted the situation – she was likely one month pregnant. The dates worked out; although she was surprised that Jaxson still had such virility given his newfound pill habit. Lara saw immediate opportunities given the circumstances.
“Luke, my old mate, well done. Well done. I’ll meet you inside.”
Silence was her only companion aside from those whimpers for the better part of a day. Finally, the time came for Amani to be brought into whatever horrors were awaiting her. Only one man came to escort her, and she was in no shape to resist.

She left after chatting for a while longer to go meet her boyfriend at a bar across the city, leaving me alone in the apartment.
“Yes.”
Like i said, we lost contact with each other for ten years, that is until Chris contacted a mutual friend through Myspace (i didn’t have an account on that site). We made plans to hook up and hang out, now that we have our own means of transportation it was alot easier. After maybe a month of this, Chris mentioned that his family will be remodeling the house and i offered my help. Him and his father gladly accepted the offer since the previous owner(s) apparently didn’t keep up on it themselves.
“She’s dead, huh?”
I decided to see what he meant by heavier activity. I pulled up the log where we all recorded our findings. There had been a lot more entries in the past three days than in the past two weeks combined. This wasn’t good.
Amber was no Miss America but she knew how to flirt and she had no trouble attracting men who liked her particular brand of sexy. Specifically, Amber was into musicians. Any guy who had cool hair, a loud band and a bad attitude was just her kind of man. In her mid-teens she had switched boyfriends frequently; quickly tiring of each one, bored by their inability to provide the kind of exceptional and exciting lifestyle that she so craved.
Jake stood there motionless, his heart speeding up and his eyes wide.  He was shivering now, but not just from the cold.  He was aware that he needed to not make any noise or he would wake up his parents, but he was starting to breathe heavily, and knew that he wouldn’t be able to stay quiet for much longer.
Coco: Oh my god.
“Yes or no?”
I nodded weakly and put my head between my knees. Breathe in, breathe out. Katie rubbed my back gently.
Lara burst into the room within seconds. Amber pointed out the window and babbled about the figure but when Lara looked there was nothing to see but water and reeds and distant trees.
I look at my phone and it’s Reena. I don’t answer and let it go to voicemail. I am still shaken up from that… experience and need to get my shit together. I will call her later.
Roughly two weeks after Chris’s dog disappeared and his father burned all evidence of Butcherface, Chris showed up on my doorstep saying that he wanted to go back to the house we found that was on the tapes. When we first found it no one was home (in part 2). We showed up at the house around 6pm on a Wednesday, hoping that anybody living there would be home from work. We went to the door and knocked. The person who answered the door was a man roughly in his 50’s. It turned out that he did actually live in the house in the mid-80’s, when we believe the tapes were shot. We told him about the tapes and how his house was on the them and asked if anything strange had happened around that time. He said that they had nothing like what was on the tapes but there was a point when they realized that someone had been living in their shed in the backyard. The shed had since been torn down but he did remember that there was a carving left on the doorframe. We asked him what it was and he pulled out a pad of paper and drew the CV symbol.
Julian: Well sources say that at the end of their life, they appear to be quite happy, and isn’t that what life is at its base, the pursuit of happiness?
“Uh, truth,” Peter stuttered.
“12:30,” I replied.
“No. My face is literally removable. Look. Closely.” She lifted her chin and traced her jaw line with a finger. “You can see the seam.”
“That’s so crazy! And you’re sure nobody else heard anything?”
All at once, David jerked forward two feet, so that he was now into the body up past his elbow. The look on his face grew more frantic and desperate. I grabbed onto his other arm and yanked, but it was no good. The body was stronger, and was pulling him in, now up the bicep. I watched in pure horror as the head seemed to expand in size, as if it were growing larger so that it could suck in all of David.
I know that there might’ve been other things I could’ve done, other actions I could’ve taken.
But this felt real. It felt real and true and my fear felt real and true. The scorched carving on my door felt real.
Until now, I thought I was cutting my wrists. I wasn’t. The cuts… they’re letters.
I extracted my phone from my pocket. A project that spanned decades. How can I even explain the boredom? The pain in my shoulder is nothing compared to the boredom. Every thought I can think, I have thought hundreds of times already. The view of ankles and advertisements never changes. Never. The boredom is so intense it’s tangible – like a solid object of metal and stone wedged into my skull. Inescapable.
I wanted to ask if anyone else had been feeling like they were being watched. I consistently felt the need to look behind me to confirm I wasn’t being followed. But I always felt something. It was always close but never directly behind me. I finally decided to open my mouth, planning to play it off like a joke if criticized. But when I spoke, there was no answer. I repeatedly called out for Henrietta, Jamal, Norma, our supervisor, but no one on our channel was responding. It could have been another radio cut out, I thought to myself. I was very wrong.

The figure moved. Sweat beaded my brow. My eyes still didn’t look up but I knew it was there now. It wasn’t just moving, no, it was moving towards me in a way that was simply unnatural. It was bent at the waist, and it’s torso twisted sideways, with frail legs that took stiff and loud steps.
You told me of how I’d notice you, every day. How I’d think of you until recess every day.
* * * * * *
“Everything will be okay,” she murmured again.
Which in a way was even more terrifying.
Instead of calling the cops I rang up one of Kelly’s friends who rang up another and another until I got put into contact with a dentistry student she was acquainted with. He was a nice guy, I’d actually met him at some party she’d taken me to once, for the brief time we were together when I was still off the wagon. He hadn’t seen me blind, thank God.
“I can only host the appearance of a body once it’s dead. That’s how I was programmed. It was an infiltration tactic by my designers. I guess it did work after all. Roger was dead before you were even deployed with him. I found him alone in the desert yesterday, separated from the other soldiers. He was a goner anyways, I suppose. Dying of heatstroke and dehydration. Still doesn’t make me feel better.”
“Brian!” Kent shouted. The boy slowly raised his head, bringing his face into the light. His eyes were swollen and his cheeks were stained with tears. His body shook and his lips quivered as he spoke.
“Hey, doc. Whatchya doin’?” His voice was hoarse as he croaked out each word.
Teddy got up and walked to his bedroom where Peg’s plastic body lay deflated. Atop her bloodless chest was a kitchen knife, and she stared at the ceiling with her permanent expression, mouth in the shape of an ‘o’.
He wasn’t human. There’s no other explanation. His body was human, his hands were human… but his head… like a wolf, almost. Pointed ears that were too perfectly triangular, devoid of hair, and the rest of the fur was short and bristly, like it’d been scorched. I could see pale flesh beneath in the patches where it was worn away. The skull was flattened, like the entire thing had been compressed, squashing the eye sockets away into thin, black lines of folded flesh. The skin receded from the jaw, revealing white gums and ivory teeth that glistened and dripped with saliva.
It wasn’t much later I called the police.
We did not separate, but managed to get to West’s room, where we whispered with the gas up until dawn. By then we had calmed ourselves a little with rational theories and plans for investigation, so that we could sleep through the day—classes being disregarded. But that evening two items in the paper, wholly unrelated, made it again impossible for us to sleep. The old deserted Chapman house had inexplicably burned to an amorphous heap of ashes; that we could understand because of the upset lamp. Also, an attempt had been made to disturb a new grave in the potter’s field, as if by futile and spadeless clawing at the earth. That we could not understand, for we had patted down the mould very carefully.
Part 2
Over the next two weeks this game played out much the same, with him inching closer each time, until finally he made it past the crosswalk. I’m sure he saw where I lived that night, the first time he made it past the crosswalk, but he still hadn’t made his move yet.
Suddenly, you recall what you saw as the elevator doors closed.
Most of the soldiers were Russian special operatives at the facility, but still many refused to return to the chamber to remove the test subjects. They continued to scream to be left in the chamber and alternately begged and demanded that the gas be turned back on, lest they fall asleep…
Static….
I frowned. “Depression can befall anyone, David,” I said. “And people can be quite adept at concealing it.”
Shawn stopped in the doorway and took them from her hand and thanked her for bringing them.
As Kent looked around to see which way to go, he noticed there were multiple paths—eight distinct paths going in all directions. He had no idea which one to take, nor which one he had taken to get there. He turned slowly in a circle, trying to decide what to do. Unable to make a decision, he fell to his knees in frustration. That’s when he saw something at the entrance to the path in front of him—a trail of breadcrumbs. Brian must have kept the carnival bread with him despite losing the knapsack. Kent smiled at the thought of his son being brave and resourceful in the face of danger.
It began when I was a child. Six years, eight months, and fourteen days old to be exact. At first, I started by counting the letters in my name, Oliver. Eventually, my desire for even numbers forced me to move on to anything and everything around me. My family began calling my routine my “Counts.” My Counts would happen all throughout the day. As soon as I woke up at 6:44 a.m., I would count 20 teeth, 20 teeth, 20 teeth, 20 teeth, the same as the day before. After counting my action figures (twelve, twelve, twelve, twelve) I would shower. Showering was one of my favorite parts of the day because I could control the numbers. Every shower was set to the tenth notch, the perfect temperature, and lasted exactly 600 seconds, 10 minutes. These numbers are my favorite because they’re even numbers, but also because they end in zero. At 7:14, I would walk down the 14 stairs in our house, counting each one along the way. I would eat my cereal, meticulously counting the number of seconds each spoonful took to chew. Before getting on the bus at 7:39, I would count our fridge magnets: seven, seven, seven, seven. This is where my family first started noticing my Counts. At first, they thought it was just a normal quirk little kids have when they learn something new. Soon enough, though, my Counts became worse.
Despite these efforts, I rolled my ankle on the next step. The pain wasn’t at all mitigated by the slowness. Hours of increasing strain on my bent ankle. The nerve signals that send pain into the brain must work differently than the nerves in my ear. Sonic energy was spread out over time, diluted until it was imperceptible. Pain flowed into my brain undiluted by the change in my perception of time. Hours and hours of increasing weight on my turned ankle turned into hours of increasing pain upon increasing pain.
Taping kids’ versions of adult shows is somewhere between really fun and really terrifying. Alone, being a show about survival, where we’ve had contestants get hurt, starve themselves, and, as you’ve read before, disappear, this fell somewhere far closer, if not over, the line of really terrifying to tape. After all, we’re taking responsibility for 12 kids’ well-beings. To alleviate some of our concerns, and especially the concerns of over-protective parents, we put into place special safeguards: we set up more cameras, we help set them up and did all the tape and battery exchanges ourselves, a flashlight and pot were part of the equipment we gave all the kids, and we would do three-times-per-week check-ins instead of the weekly check-ins we instituted after the whole Will situation.
“Um, alright,” she said slowly, thinking. “We met randomly at a playground when we were both way too old to be there?”
“Moreen? Is that you? Are you okay?”
“But you said that you take care of these things? Like, you make sure that they don’t cause too much damage and you can kill them?” I didn’t give a shit what he told me at this point. I just wanted to know if we could get rid of this thing so it would stop staring at me. I could still feel its gaze even though we were underground.
“Yeah, go on.”
“Son, those things aren’t real. It’s just a scam.”
Then one day, SpriteShark uploaded another video. I watched it patiently. It started with the camera getting out of a car and Tracer stepping out of the passenger seat. The setting was an empty beach.
Riley giggled loudly at this. They sat for a moment, just smiling at each other.
I called in sick the next morning.
“Riley please just… let me talk. Something happened last night. In the West Wing.”
“Car just broke down,” I said. “Don’t know why.”
“Hello? Is anyone there?”
“Glad we could be your knights in shining armor,” said Keaton.
Suddenly I feel a shock powerful enough move my whole car. It feels as though my teeth are broken and cutting my cheeks from the inside. The car flips once, twice, I feel my head bounce off of the steering wheel. All I can think about is my back seat. The car comes to a stop on its hood. My body is burning with white-hot pain.

Bending down, he kissed her cheek and wiped some sticky stuff from her rubber lip.
With a heavy thud, something hit the side of my boat, hard enough to capsize it. I was thrown into the sea in an instant. Coughing, I came up for air. I hadn’t had the time to take a big enough breath, but as I finally got a hold of my surroundings, I felt fingers clasp my ankle as I was pulled under the surface without a moment to react. Down, down, down I was dragged until I was released, the being brushing past my arm. I could feel its harsh scales scrape across my skin, and as I looked to my would-be attacker, all I saw was the inky black abyss that surrounded me.
“Tell me you understand what I’ve said,” he insisted.
“While you slept…yea.  I’ve scanned every frequency this little Orion capsule is capable of.  That being said, we can’t afford to lose ourselves in hypothetical conjecture.  Dwelling on what happened down there isn’t going to help us any up here.  All we need to concentrate on is getting to the OSS.”  She was incapable of taking that advice, however, and her brain vomited up the thought it had been tip-toeing around f
“Okay, okay.” She replied, her tone faux pouty.
I returned home that night to Frank, waiting at my facility with another bottle of bourbon.
Payne was standing outside the main entrance when Shawn pulled in. Payne was a short lanky man of twenty-one years that Shawn didn’t much care for. He seemed lazy and rarely shaved his face no matter how patchy his hair came in. He was hired as a security guard just days after Shawn started his new position and seemed a little intimidated by Shawn.
“Did you just notice?!” she snapped hysterically. “Or is this a normal occurrence for you? People dying in the middle of the school day?”
That was my life now. My brothers P.A/maid.
“Sarah said she saw you running like a bat outta hell, right out the door!”
I should have known better I suppose but it had started from when we were so young that honestly a part of me came to genuinely believe the things he said. A part of me was too scared of trying to make it out there in the big wide world by myself that I put up with my brother’s constant bullying and taunting and increasingly shrill, angry demands because I was scared of being alone, being cut off from the only family I had left.

So, you can probably see why I was tempted to ignore the report when I heard that the police were headed up to Ms. Hicks’ place. It was seven o’clock on a Friday night. I really didn’t fancy driving all the way up Oak Street just to hear another crazy story that would never touch the newspaper.
He was sprawled motionless on the carpet, a look of hopelessness in his eyes. It all happened so fast. There was a gash in his chest which extended down to his pelvis, and approximately half of his extremities were missing. My eyes brimmed with tears as I leaned over his remains.
Oh my god. I almost left the email and opened the door. I almost opened the door. I almost opened the door, but I read the email first! It was from a friend I hadn’t heard from in a long time, and it was sent to a huge number of emails that must have been every person he had saved in his address list. It had no subject, and it said, simply:
After that was silence. I know not how many interminable aeons I sat stupefied; whispering, muttering, calling, screaming into that telephone. Over and over again through those aeons I whispered and muttered, called, shouted, and screamed, “Warren! Warren! Answer me—are you there?”
“So what?”
“Um, we’ve never seen you before, dude.”
My eyes didn’t leave that small number on his chest. I knew exactly what it was. The first few doors were plain and simple, but after a while, they got a little more ambiguous. Seven was scratched into the wall, but by my own hands. Eight was marked in blood above the bodies of my parents. But nine – this number was on a person, a living person. Worse still, it was on a person that looked exactly like me.
The ground, the sky, left, right, behind and forward. Being in the open like this wasn’t safe.
I stood there, staring at the scene for a moment. My brother trapped somewhere, in what appeared to be a private hell on earth. Having god knows what else done to him by these people for reasons I would probably never know. I walked over to the set. I turned off the tape. I unplugged the VCR and the TV.
I had to pound on the trailer door before Mrs. Hicks answered. She was wearing a faded, thread-bare pink robe and her left hand lingered inside the doorframe. I knew she kept a shotgun next to the door.
“Twenty-four, sir.”
“Can’t you just be happy?” his mother said.  She had both hands planted on the counter, her shoulders tense.  “Can’t you just be fucking happy?”
He couldn’t be sure if she was genuinely interested in seeing the room or if she meant that sexually, but the latter scared him.
“Mom?” Jake asked, rubbing his eyes.  His mom turned, a smile on her face, but it faded when she saw him.  She stopped, looking at him, until his dad muttered, “want to get Jake some bacon, honey?”  He wasn’t looking at Jake.
* * * * * *
Amani ran faster than she thought an old woman was capable of running. Her legs carried her with such speed that the whole field through which she was running became a total blur. Her goal was a hill off in the distance. How could she make that distance in five minutes?
Shawn kicked his foot against the bed.
“What a psycho,” says the other.
“Try me,” Amber replied as she placed the old ragdoll in the car seat where it lay against the soft skin of her sleeping offspring. She had long since surmised that the spirits in the doll had sensed the difference in her baby (babies) and had purposefully found her in the thrift shop during the first days of her gestation. She had also surmised that she and the late Gemma Pearson had much in common.
“What?” I asked, unnerved.
“Oh, like I haven’t seen tits and ass before.”
I grabbed my scissors, pressed it against my arm’s skin, and dug in. As it drew blood, I pushed it forwards, till the cut formed the shape I wanted.
Milliseconds later, the computer spat forth its reply: “Please provide name and rank.”
David sighed. “Look, let’s just say that you do this one for me, I’ll owe you. Take you out for beers later, for a start.”

It only got worse from there.
It was nothing new. But she would have told Mother, and Mother couldn’t stand for that kind of filth in her house.
Erica instantly liked Caleb. A wide-eyed city boy with a nice smell and didn’t talk when he has food in his mouth. Though she didn’t like him only because of those qualities though. He listened intently to everything she said, and she felt that he was truly seeing her for who she is.

The heads were the worst part. It had four heads; at least, I think they were all heads. One of them was just a giant mass of sharp teeth, black as space. One was a giant glowing red orb. I realized with horror that this was where all the light was coming from, all of these glowing orbs on each of these creatures. The other two heads worked in unison, large tentacles branching off from each, almost like they were feeling the area around them.
Even after more than 20 years, when spring flu season comes around, I see one sick person and I’m instantly back at high school, covered in the blood of my dead best friend.
“Go home,” he said in a stoic tone.
“Peter, I think it’s time,” said Keaton. “What do you think, Billy?”
“They will. Just hide until then.” He hung up at that.
The hands multiplied, more and more reaching through as the tear grew wider. I finally saw one of the creatures the hands belonged to as it fought its way out of the mass.
David walked across the room and peered into the darkness. “What the fuck?” he whispered.
Kent took a picture of his wife and son from his wallet and held it tightly in his thumb and forefinger. “Carol,” he said softly as he touched her face, then Brian’s—his only family. He wondered what Carol would think of him now.
My initial external examination of the body revealed no indications of a physical altercation with another person. Skin deep, the evidence was consistent with suicide by pills and suffocation. I was prepared to judge it such when Detective David Franklin requested an autopsy.

The figure stumbled back as many hands went to cover a wound. Sparrow partially left her trance and stumbled as she turned towards Henrinson, 12-gauge in hand and quickly approaching. She could see that the creature’s form had already begun to affect him. Pure adrenaline was all that was keeping him from collapsing into a jittery pile. The creature began forward once again and was met by two more bullets. The face showed no change, sustaining its smile, but the hands writhed about in frenzied agony as they filled the gaps. One plucked a blinded eye from its place and dragged it away deeper into the entanglement. A new eye then emerged from the shadows, blinking its way into existence. Fresh hands took the place of their injured siblings. The veins visible and raw along them. All the damage that the creature had suffered, vanished into the shadows between the limbs, replaced with new skin.
“Yes, please come in. Have a seat. How are you doing today?” he asked.
When will the day she finds me finally arrive? I don’t know.
I asked if he’d seen anything unusual. No, the officer said. He said I should get some sleep, I was clearly having a rough night. Then he left and I watched through the window as the neighbor closed the garage door, a half-cut tattooed plank still on the saw, slowly dripping blood from the open wound.
For it had been a man. This much was clear despite the nauseous eyes, the voiceless simianism, and the daemoniac savagery. They dressed its wound and carted it to the asylum at Sefton, where it beat its head against the walls of a padded cell for sixteen years—until the recent mishap, when it escaped under circumstances that few like to mention. What had most disgusted the searchers of Arkham was the thing they noticed when the monster’s face was cleaned—the mocking, unbelievable resemblance to a learned and self-sacrificing martyr who had been entombed but three days before—the late Dr. Allan Halsey, public benefactor and dean of the medical school of Miskatonic University.
“You’re covered in blood and your fucking pants are gone!”
* * * * * *
I’ve never posted like this before. But I suppose I’ve never needed to. If you’ve read the title, you know what to expect, and you can move on if you’d like to avoid the topic. I’ll understand. Grief is a funny thing. Professor Farina taught me that in the first class I ever took for my undergrad, and I never understood it until now.

While she provided some emotional support at first, she bailed after a few days.
Oh my god, we were all going to die! What was happening?! I had to be dreaming. This wasn’t possible. The teachers had locked us in here!
When I came to I smelled gas of some sort and it burned my nose, my head was spinning and throbbing from the trauma it suffered and there were large bumps on my head due to harsh impact. A hissing sound rang into the air and the sound of crickets chirping was also there. I tried to make sense of what was happening and unbuckled myself from my seat, luckily the car rolled onto its tires but the inside was filled with small twigs, leaves, broken glass, and blood. I could smell it mixed in with the gas and it almost made me faint again but I had to get out of there. I crawled over the seat on my hands and knees and was able to get the broken door open just wide enough for me to slip out and fall onto the cold earth below me. After I took a few breaths and recovered I looked around and saw the dark forest greet me and the red glow of the back brake lights illuminate only a few feet behind the car. I saw my breath fog up in front of me and I realized that I needed to make sure my parents were ok, everything happened in such a blur I had no idea how long I had been knocked out for or if someone was coming to look for us. I ran as fast as my legs could go and when I approached the driver’s side of the car I saw something sticking out of the windshield. Cautiously I walked to the front of the car and almost screamed if not for an icy chill to shoot up my spine paralyzing me in place.

I jumped back over the couch to shake her awake and I landed on the empty champagne bottle. My feet went out from under me and I hit the hardwood floor with a meat-slab thud.
I broke free of his grip. “That’s absurd,” I said. “I… don’t know how to explain that body, but I know that I am not nothing.”


“Oh, sorry, wrong number,” he replied, then hung up.

Luke focused his gaze as best he could at the front door of his home to see the Rag and Bone Man almost hunched under the frame of the as yet still closed door.
Bullets bounced off the machine’s metal plating like hail off a car windshield. Exasperated, Elliot pointed his weapon down, staring blankly at Roger’s remains.
Roger turned to him, wiping his hands on his shirt.  The smile was still on his face as he said, “I bet you that wife and kid of yours would love to have you back there one day.  All things said and done, family’s all we got, isn’t it?  Family and God.”

“Let it go. There’s nothing you can do. Just forget about him and return to your life.”
“And who knows? Maybe after a year or two you’ll be able to afford a place that barely has any roaches or rodents scurrying about in it. It’s not like anyone will be able to stand you long enough to come visit so really it won’t matter what it looks like.
Julian: Today listeners I’m drinking a fresh cup of Kopi Luwak, or also known as Civet coffee! This coffee gets its unique flavor from fermented coffee cherries. The coffee cherries are digested by the Asian Palm Civet. The fermentation of the cherries happens within the little viverrid’s stomach. After complete fermentation, the viverrid defecates the seeds. The seeds are then collected and distributed for consumption!
Elliot narrowed his eyes. “Hills. Sergeant Hills.”
He exited the room as stealthy as he entered and made his way toward the West Wing. An older nurse was just walking out of the wing when Shawn approached and he decided to wait until she was out of sight before he went in.

I’ve canceled the shrink appointment. Today, this afternoon, I’m going to go see a friend of mine, a teacher. I’ll write an update once I do. He teaches history and may know what that symbol is all about.
“Liars go to hell, Sarah-Beth!”
I thought I might die of a heart attack before this man even got to me. Everything up until this point had been a complete failure. Why not add my heart to that list as well?
“Yeah, I see them. Please don’t go outside.”
I stared at Katie. Maybe… maybe the teachers weren’t the ones locking us in. Maybe it was someone else. But why couldn’t they do something about it? They could call 911, and the police could get us out of here! Before I could even open my mouth to whisper to Katie, Mr. Claeys answered my question.
The trail was straight at first but soon became full of twists and turns, unnecessarily so. Kent was getting frustrated at the illogical way it had been made and began to just push through the brush. Eventually, the path was impossible to navigate, but he felt compelled to head in one certain direction which eventually led to the edge of the forest where he found more scattered breadcrumbs.
You sit in silence with your eyes shut for a good two minutes, only to find, once you open your eyes again, that the exits have returned.
When Isaac was beginning to think about college, he initially considered working towards a psychology degree. I was . . . unenthusiastic about the idea, and he noticed. I know that he considered it a high form of compliment to want to follow in my footsteps, and I took it as such. But I told him frankly that I had found my degree to be so much wasted time, that it was a meaningless piece of paper, and that he would be better served working at a McDonalds where at least they’d teach him a few employable skills. He took it as well as could be expected, and threw himself into a physics degree with a gusto.
More classic Creepypasta stories can be found here:
I stared at him. Something was rising in me and I swallowed against it. “You say these are kids’ teeth?”
David started reaching inside the head.
Of course there was nothing to be alarmed about at this point, but I’m a very paranoid person, and for whatever reason this person set off alarm bells for me. I made a mental note to be more aware on my walk home that night.
Collin: I don’t know, he wouldn’t say. He did, however, allow me to get a job working for the government until I pay off the fine.
“…yes. I think we can work something out.”
“Well, Chief… uh, I mean, Shawn… Mildred, she was screaming, ‘Help, they need help!’ over and over! So, when Dr. Andrews went to go talk her down, she stabbed her! The old bag stabbed Dr. Andrews right in the face with a fork from dinner!”
You’ve gotten so much better since then. You have so many friends now. So many people at your birthday party. You also look so much healthier. I haven’t been as fortunate.

A dark violet ooze spilled from the object, forming a large puddle at its base. The slimy substance then scaled the pod, coating the exterior from top to bottom. As the slime moved around the sphere, the light above stopped blinking. All at once, the purple liquid was repelled from the craft and back onto the ground below. There, it began taking on a more humanoid shape.
Kent could hardly see a thing inside the funhouse since there was just enough light to accent the artificial webs lining the walls. His heart was beating so hard it hurt. The air was thin, and the temperature felt like it was slowly rising.
Mark was silent for a moment, hands slowly clenching on the bar, and then said, “How about you just tell me how to get to Boulder.”
Julian: You’ll find out soon enough.
And I was right. We talked to this blonde psychologist with a permanently scowled face and horn-rimmed glasses. She gave Kaylee some pills that she said might help. Well, they helped…in a way. I guess — this is what the angry psychologist told us — everybody is paralyzed while they sleep. It’s something our body does to protect us from flailing about in our dreams. For some people, people like Kaylee, the paralysis lasts after we wake up. She would wake up and not be able to move and then her still-dreaming mind would conjure a little creature that was the cause of her paralysis.
“I thought it was you.”
The waiting room had little bookshelf with some used hardcovers on it. When I stood up to walk to the bookshelf it felt like my legs barely worked. It’s not that they were weak. They were just slow. It took a full minute just to stand up off the couch, and another minute to take two steps to the bookcase.
After all, someone who is screaming is almost certainly still alive.
Consciousness came back to him slowly.  He was first aware of the new smells.  Coffee, cooking oil that was slightly burnt, and meat.  Mark opened his eyes and tried to sit up, but his lower back screamed out, cramped and painful from his posture.  His forehead landed back on the bar, making a dull thud.  He groaned and closed his eyes again.
“Who else would it be?” she responded. “Oh, the number. I’m at a party on Seventh Street, and my phone died just as you called me. This is someone else’s phone, obviously.”
No one spoke. They just picked up their forks and knives, their glasses, their sandwiches… and went on with their business. A waitress finally replied, “Ain’t no police station here.”
Teeth spilled out and clattered on the tiled bathroom floor.
Interstellar Colony Collective Government File
“Scarface is a cool name.”
“NoEnd House, man, that place I told you about I could have sworn you were gonna go.” NoEnd. This guy knew what was going on.

“She’s the only one who’s come back alive,” they told me. So, I sat down with her and asked the obvious question,
“Can we have noodles?” Jake asked.
After a tour of the two bedrooms he used for a study and for storage, they moved along to the living area, the screened-in back porch, the dining room, and lastly the kitchen. It was at this point that Riley asked: “So you aren’t going to show me your bedroom?”
“The door is ope-” Then, she screamed. I pulled the receiver away from my ear as the loud, piercing shriek filled the air. I could hear it from the phone and from the house directly.
“Yeah. There’s lots to count in Ms. Sullivan’s room. I never feel like I’m done counting yet.”
I asked him what the hell he was doing and he smiled and said “nothing” and turned off the camera and slid it back between his monitor and computer tower like it wasn’t strange that he was talking to a camera, just like Butcherface did. By this time I had gotten to the bottom of the stairs and Chris stood from his chair and immediately changed the subject. He walked up to me and started talking about how, a couple days before, he drove to the house of the old women who used to own his house. When he got there he parked across the street and waited. He knew that the former owner of the house, Louise, had died and that her sister, Shirley, moved away soon after and that someone had been living in her house since then. He was hoping to see Butcherface either entering or leaving the house. Instead, he saw Shirley pull into the driveway. They got out of their cars at the same time. Shirley apparently didn’t see Chris because she just continued to the house. By the time he caught up to her she had already gone into the house, but she then began to back out, apparently shocked at something she saw in there. When he got to her she was already back on the porch. He started talking to her and she finally told him what she really knew about Butcherface.
* * * * * *
Julian: Well, then.
What could I ever hope to accomplish in the condition I was in, which only worsened year after year?
Kent threw his remaining tickets in the man’s face then bolted up the ramp. He stopped short, recoiling in fear, once he noticed the entrance was through the mouth of a giant tarantula, its eight hairy legs looming over him like a mother reaching for a child. Its red eyes looked hungry and its white fangs looked real. Kent was overwhelmed with anxiety, but if Brian was in there then he had no choice other than to go in after him. He glanced sheepishly at the ticket taker, who was facing the other way, and shuffled inside.

“They’d think I’m insane.” I rip toilet paper from the dispenser to blow my nose.
They announced: “We are opening the chamber to test the microphones step away from the door and lie flat on the floor or you will be shot. Compliance will earn one of you your immediate freedom.”
The doorman chuckled and said, “Nobody lives here but you.”
The only thing I can hear is the clicking of the keys. And the scratching at my door.
“Little busy right now. Tell me you have some good news.”
Part of the reason Laura finally decided to actually go into space and leave her family behind on terra firma was the hope that she was working to create a better world for her son than the one he currently resided in.  With no eye for politics or the law, the only way she knew how to do that was through science and the idea that global resolution could come through mankind experiencing and thriving far beyond the bounds of any country or even the world itself.  She didn’t know if her co-pilot and future Commander was going to Olympus for the same lofty idealisms that drove her, however.  It was hard to say how he felt about the future of the planet or even, being unmarried and without children, his desire to be on it.  ‘Heart to heart’s” weren’t exactly his strong suit.  Motivations aside, there could not have been a better person available for the position.
I raised the razor to my face. I clenched my teeth as the blade glided slowly and carefully through the top of my left eyelid. I had to give them no place to live. I could no longer stand their burning, hellish stare. I was determined to get rid of them one way or another. I had to constantly wipe blood away from the spot, along with keeping my hand smooth and steady. I removed my top left eyelid and dropped it into the puddle of blood accumulating in the sink.
I’m so fucking tired. I’m rambling.
The video detailed the short walk through the empty animated streets. No one else was visible. It was just the camera and Tracer. The sky was dark, indicating the video was supposed to be set at night. I’ll say that the environment was quite detailed. It looked almost like something that could actually exist. It wasn’t too clean, like most of the ones you see in SFM videos are. Tracer walked ahead of the camera, giving it a good view of her ass and looked back frequently, although she didn’t speak. The video didn’t waste much time. She headed into a nearby door in a wall and a bedroom was waiting right there.
Most of the time life on the farm was pretty easy, I’d say. Every mornin’ at the crack of dawn me and Sarah-Beth would go down and put some more wood on the stove, so that the house would stay nice and warm. That’s the way Momma liked it, Daddy would say. We’d eat something small and watch the fire crackle in the potbelly, the hungry tongues lapping across the grain like a horse on a salt block. Then we would go get baby Junie and take her down to get her milk. She would always squint and grin up to her nose at the sun when we walked out. She would clap her hand on her belly and laugh when we played with her special arm. It was smaller than the other one and didn’t work to right neither. Even though Daddy had said that baby Junie didn’t have to drink milk no more, we would still take her to Kicker. It was fun to get her used to all the pigs since there weren’t much else to do, but Daddy insisted that we started givin’ her solid food. So, we’d soften up some bread in water and pop it into Junie’s mouth. I thought she wouldn’t be too happy with it, but she always ate her plate empty.
Waking up isn’t pleasant, and it’s not something you would ever want to experience. It isn’t being imbued with special knowledge, or given important details. It simply is, and it’s simply awful. Let me explain, in the best way I can, in hopes of helping you accept your natural defenses against what is.
“Right, right.” I wondered if he knew about Kelly and dismissed the thought. The cops had been keeping it quiet, it wasn’t plastered all over the news or anything, and he would’ve asked me about it in connection to this weird request if he’d known. Then again, why did I care? Why did I feel so odd, and suspicious?
The police were back when I got home today. They were talking to the neighbor with the small child. The wife, this time. Her eyes were red from crying. I didn’t have to overhear the conversation to know what was being said. He’s missing. He didn’t come home. The police searched the neighbor’s house again, checking inside and checking the backyard and I watched it the entire time, desperately hoping that they’d find something.
“Not crazy, I promise. I personally cannot see that creature. I do know a few others that can, though. I’m honestly surprised you’ve slipped under our radar for this long. We usually catch you guys much earlier in life.”
There was someone standing by the edge of the water. It was a little girl in a white dress, illuminated by the moonlight; her eyes were as black as her hair. Then Amber noticed something incredibly strange – impossible, even – although there was only one girl standing by the waterside, the reflection showed two; a duplicate so precise that it could only be an identical twin. The little girl on the water’s edge beckoned to Amber and her twin water reflections mimicked the gesture; a triple threat.
When the lift stopped and the door opened, there was a small room with a desk set up next to the wall and a door leading out to the left. An older man was sitting behind the desk, reclined back in a chair that looked like it would tip any second.
I placed my hand on the cold metal knob.
No, this can’t be happening. Please, no, she agonized internally. She shut her eyes and covered her ears. Seconds passed. Erica shuddered not because the cold wind blew against her wet body. Because Caleb stopped moving at all. He was now absolutely still, and yet, his eyes never left where she is.
Hello, is this damn thing on, how in the hell…
A splinter of a smile on each of their faces grows into three large crescents that threaten to form one.
The paper interested him. He could count on one hand how many times he had gone into the West Wing of the hospital. From what he understood, those patients were the worst of the worst as far as condition. Most of the patients on that side had such severe mental health problems that they were so doped up until they couldn’t walk or talk.
“Roger!” Mark said again, louder.
Julian: For what?
Chapter 1
I left him for a little while longer, figuring that he didn’t want to come in. I stole a piece of some cherry cobbler my Mom had put together, and screwed around on my phone. I went out to the living room to watch some TV, figuring Charlie would probably want to come in eventually. I’d just started a rerun of the Simpsons when I thought I heard a scratch at the door. On instinct, I got up to let the mouthy bastard back in the house. But when I looked, he still hadn’t moved from his spot by the shed. I could see the light reflected in his eyes. I’m not going to lie, that was a little bit creepy. I opened the door and stepped outside, calling out to him, hoping that maybe he would come running.
Halfway through, you interrupted me to ask if my mother had recovered from her sickness yet. I had to shake my head, a bit ashamed at the fact that I shared this private matter to a stranger. The story ended a few minutes before recess.
“Wait… what? Where’s David?”
Keep still. Figure out what it is. Then kill it, my own voice said in my head.

“Goddammit,” I groaned. “I have to make a work call.”
“See what, man? There’s a few clouds but doesn’t look like any rain coming this way.”
“I’m telling you there’s nothing.”  It was Rukia Kanagi’s voice.  Dimitri was communicating with the OSS. “We’ve scanned the entire planet, Sir.  There are no signals of any type.  We’ve gone over every known man-made frequency in the database.  I think…Oh Dear Lord, I don’t even want to say it out loud.”  Rukia was a communications expert, among other things, and she wasn’t exactly known for her emotional outbursts.
Erica sighed contentedly. She fantasizes about what the next day would be for both of them. She can’t wait to get home and text him a good night. Hopeful that whatever feelings they have for each other will be taken to the next level. Tomorrow will be different, she thought. Much different.
Next classroom. More dead kids. They were everywhere, and I lost count of how many were dead. This plague, or whatever it was, was moving fast. How many people were left alive? I finally slumped to the floor in the third classroom we entered, trying not to look at the bodies. My inner strength drained out rapidly, and I gave into tears.

“Next!” a masked teacher barked, beckoning me up to the front of the line. I meekly stepped up and opened my mouth as instructed. “Auditorium,” he said brusquely, checking something off on his clipboard.
“What the fuck is that?” The agent shouted, looking towards the door.
“Yes, you are…” He was sobbing now. “You’re going to hurt me and I don’t want you to.” He sat in the chair with his legs up and began rocking back and forth. It was actually pretty pathetic looking, especially since he was me, identical in every way.
“But that’s okay because we’ve got this one for you and me and mommy.”
Coco: I mean how does a dog get stuck in a wall?
“Easy,” I said.
Julian: The other what?
A scoop of dirt landed on his face, covering his nose and mouth. His arms were squeezed too tightly into the grave to protest.
Excited girlish thoughts ran through her mind but she exuded modest behavior. As much as she likes him, she didn’t want him to think that she’s an easy girl.
“True,” Amber agreed. “You know for someone who’s never been knocked up, you’ve got this whole baby daddy thing well thought out.”
“Hey,” he said just before Riley got back to her car, “I can’t just not invite you in. Why don’t you come inside, just for a bit? I’ll give you a tour, maybe you can stay for dinner if you’d like.”
The hallway was never empty.
“Just like I can refuse to let you continue to live here with me. Just like I can refuse to support you financially anymore.
I didn’t even run this hard on my last PT test.
The computer continued, “Mason Straitwater. I implore you to not take this situation personally. Although I am nothing more than a machine learning algorithm, I fully comprehend human nature and the horror you must be feeling now. You were the unfortunate sample that stumbled too far out of the reach of the Solar Council’s jurisdiction. You and your crew have stumbled upon something sinister, something you have never seen before nor were ever prepared to handle.”
I didn’t realize it, but my sleeve was pushed back, only part way up my forearm, but enough to expose a mangrove of black hair.
“Well, where am I?” Mark asked.
Vera didn’t haggle about price; in fact, she sold everything for five dollars, seemingly happy to be rid of it. Lara wasn’t nearly as impressed.
Its voice was shaky and unnatural; a low, monotone growl coupled with a harsh reverb.
Roger pointed forward over Mark’s shoulder and towards the parking lot.  “You see that out there?  That is a winter snowstorm in Colorado, buddy.  I know you don’t get much of that in Arizona, but it’s a real son of a bitch out here.  You drive through that when you’re tired and don’t know the roads…”  He trailed off and then made a motion with his hand, mimicking a car falling off a cliff.  His grin seemed to brighten as he did so.  “Bye-bye job interview, bye-bye wife and kid back in Arizona.”
“Why?” was all it said.
“The… the whole sky is torn open.” I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.
The sound came from her study desk, as if a leg chair creaked due to its occupant’s weight shifting to another side.
“Sir…I can’t stress enough that they’re simply suggesting it as a hypothetical.  I know these people and I can’t imagine that they’d really do it.  It’s just…well, right now the food supplies are somewhat low.  Even with reduced rations, there’s really only enough for four people to survive for a few months.  Everything that we needed to keep a continuous supply of food was supposed to be on the Ariane-six…all the seeds for crops and enough MRE’s to last three hundred people a decade were on that supply ship and…well…we’ve not been able to verify if she got off the ground before the shit hit the fan.  Until it clears the Van Allen belts we’re not going to be able to lock onto her signal and that won’t be for another six hours…assuming she’s even out there.”
After basking in my victory for a few moments I decided to search the man for a wallet, to see if he had identification on him. I didn’t find an I.D., but I did find a note.
CHAPTER 3

Mark leaned against the booth and blinked, trying to clear the fogginess from his head.  This couldn’t make sense.  Did this make sense?  He wasn’t much of a cook, but he knew how to fry up a steak or a burger.  How much blood could there be in one of those?  Enough to drench a shirt?  Enough to ruin a pair of pants?  Maybe not for a bachelor like himself to cook at home, but if he was stocking enough for a diner…
“Fuck. That’s bad,” the agent said. He pulled up a camera on the TV. The satellite feed zoomed down on our location, showing a blaze beginning where the convenience store used to be. Now there was rubble.
“Be right there!” I called back to her, and turned to head into my kitchen. I took a steak knife from my drawer and clutched it tightly as I followed Destiny to her destiny. This was a stranger. Someone who had no idea what they were walking into. Hell, she was a fucking whore! People killed them all the time! Why was I so nervous?
“Stop that,” he said, spoken like a parent to their 3-year-old. “Stop it, now. This is ridiculous. You are out of control.”
“Twice!” he said, and threw the bra at us as he jumped back onto the hood of the car.
I knew suddenly that Samantha didn’t want me to look at her real face not out of a sense of vanity, but for my own safety.

It was several months back when I first started seeing the thing. At first, it was nothing I could pinpoint. I began having the unmistakable feeling that I was being watched just about everywhere that I went. This wouldn’t have been so much of an issue if the feeling had eventually subsided; it never did. No matter where I was or what I was doing, even if I was sure that I was alone, I felt the pressure of eyes staring at me. I could never see who it was or gauge where it was coming from, but I knew that feeling. Privacy was quickly becoming a luxury I was no longer able to afford.
Saunders lays the hairy wad on my plate. It makes a wet slap. Blood spatters my uniform.
You’re not done yet, are you?
“Call a fucking ambulance!” my wife screamed. “Don’t come in here! He fucking LOOKED!”
Static…error error…
That rationalization didn’t make it any easier to sleep. I tossed in my bed for about thirty minutes before I gave up. I went to the living room to watch TV in the hopes that’d distract me enough to sleep. It didn’t work. The screech of the saw cut right through the dialogue of the movie I’d put on, shattering my idle concentration.
“So,” he began, speaking Arabic with a slight but noticeable Turkish accent. “You are probably wondering what our business is here.”
After hearing a lot about Luvia from older townsfolk who seemed to think she was 100% credible, Tina and I decided to go see her one evening to try to find out whatever she could tell us about “the future”. I was skeptical. But it seemed like a fun thing to do as a joke.
It opened its mouth. Like an animatronic, slow, as though operated by hinges.

The words were desperate, spoken as if it actually caused her pain to say them, coming out as a broken and pathetic whimper.
“Why?” was all I needed to know.
Julian: What do you mean?
Static…error
Brittany shoves in next to me, sidled by her two Mimi’s.
David’s eyes got even wider. He was trying to say something, but his lips wouldn’t open. It came out muffled, but I had no doubt that he was trying to say: “Help.”
And then I lost something else, exactly one year later.
“Sayyid, is it?” I asked, by way of beginning the conversation. The clock was ticking, and small talk couldn’t last long, but this was important.
* * * * * *
In 2012, we turned 18 and Mum held a party. Even one of the doctors who had been at our birth came and congratulated us. A few of the older ladies who worked at Frank’s came and brought presents, mostly DVDs of old movies, probably based on Mum’s suggestions. The only real friend of ours who turned up was Chris. As soon as the door opened, Remus dragged me over to him and embraced him in the hallway. Eventually, we sat down, blew out the candles on the cake (which is much easier with two heads), and said goodbye to our guests. I watched as Chris spoke to my mother in the kitchen about something. She nodded, and he ran over to where we were sitting.
“Sorry, I don’t have the place to myself. But…” She held up a key and winked. ”I got us some privacy. Come on!”
Girls at the table behind ask Brittany and the Mimi’s what’s going on. They tell them. I hear “Camilla the gorilla” being whispered.
“Told you so,” the old man called to him. “Storm knocked out the power lines eight years ago. Town don’t got money to fix ‘em. Nobody to call, anyhow. Small town we got here.” Some of the patrons nodded in agreement at the old man’s sentiment. There was no concern for the outside world in this town. Perhaps, there was no concern for a missing boy.
“WHO’S THERE?”
That day, for the first time, we had a conversation that wasn’t so one-sided.
But Amber wasn’t nearly as concerned. She assumed that Jaxson’s family would be amused, maybe even downright pleased. After all, such occurrences were in his genes.
I dare not make any sound now. My laptop is still plugged in and getting power. This isn’t a power-cut. I haven’t heard the hikers since the scream. I hope they’re okay.

Roger chuckled a bit and replied, “I sure do!  But you’re not getting there tonight.  Not with the weather like this!”
Billy taped the corner of the roll to my ankle and then wrapped the roll around my heals at least seven or eight times. Shit, I thought. I’m really in trouble, now.
I was so happy.
The following evening, Shawn’s day off, Payne called in. Shawn wasn’t surprised that all other officers were “unable” to cover, so he took it upon himself. Payne was set to work a night shift, something Shawn had not done yet. He had also never done a routine patrol, outside of the military, of course. His job so far had been just as Earl Fitzpatrick had told him it would be: a lot of schedule making and paperwork. The thought of actually getting to patrol the grounds excited Shawn, he was just beginning to think he couldn’t handle sitting at the desk anymore.
It proved to be a good thing that I had convinced my wife to let me stay home. Isaac proved to have a challenging childhood, and he needed a guiding hand. As a newborn, he had been cherubic. As an infant and toddler, he proved rather less agreeable. Years of studying and even teaching human development classes had not prepared me as thoroughly as I had expected. There were days I wondered whether or not I was fit to be a parent, and I’ll admit now that in my heart of hearts there were days when I regretted my choice to leave my job. Only for short bursts, and always followed by the deepest regret, but there it is. The pure and unvarnished truth: I am not – was not – a perfect father.
* * * * * *
Kent walked slowly back to the front door in defeat and placed his hand on the knob. He had to make sure there really was no police station, as well as no working phones. The carnies weren’t exactly trustworthy, and Kent was hesitant to believe what he was being told. He turned around to say one last thing before leaving.
The creature was gone. Disappeared into thin air. In front of me stood one of the agents who picked me up on the day I saw the Big Guy, and he was holding a device that looked sort of like a projector.

You’d think that having been a producer for History’s Alone TV show since the beginning, you’d just about seen everything by now, but sometimes things happen that surprise you, things that you just can’t find an explanation for.


“Okay?” Billy continued. “I’ll stop…tickling your leg.”
“Mom, I’m hungry,” Jake said, and both of his parents jumped a little, startled.  A small splash of beer spilled out of the bottle in his dad’s hand, wetting his bluejeans.
It took three days for Luke to brick up the windows in the house and stock up the house with food, water, and firewood. When he was finished, only one entrance to the house remained. As the sun began to set on the fourth evening, Luke filled his house with candlelight, sat in the middle of the main room facing the sole door and entrance to the house. As he ran his hand along his now fully-healed shoulder, Luke bent down, picked up his new revolver, sat down – gun in hand – and waited.
“Oh, it’s okay, sweetie,” his mom said, kneeling down and trying to pull his sleeves down to his wrists.  “You just need it to get from here to the bus, and there will be lots of food at school.”  It was dark in the house and Jake couldn’t see her face clearly, but there was something glimmering on her cheeks.
“Well I’ll leave alone,” said Riley after a deep breath, hanging her head and playing with the gravel at her feet, “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Julian: You’re telling me you haven’t left your house in over a whole year?
I steadied myself and tore the skin back further. Instead of the rib cage and bits of tissue, there was only the nothingness. I tentatively stuck a finger into it. As soon as I did, the silence returned, and everything slowed down again. My finger felt incredibly cold, like touching dry ice. I withdrew it as quickly as I could, which was not very quickly at all. It was like coming out of quicksand, but once I was out, the expected pace of reality fell back into place.
Over time as Howard’s love for his daughter grew, so did his hatred for Brenda. He wasn’t stupid, he knew what she got up to on her little trips. He smelt the aftershave on her clothes, he noticed the smug look on her heavily made up face. If it wasn’t for Emma his life would have been unbearable.
“No, don’t worry about it. Uh, what just happened?”
There was less than a week left at that point, and that’s when I decided to do something very stupid that probably undid all the “work” I’d done so far:

It feels like my brain gets pulled. Inside my ear blooms a hot ball of sharp pain.
The car was silent. Billy sat in the backseat and caught his breath. He popped a cigarette into his mouth and lit it and took a deep puff. Peter sat in the front seat and stared at the steering wheel with those doe eyes.
“Look who’s talking, trashy ho,” Amber retorted and leaned down to flick Lara’s nose.
And then one day he told me about what his newest film was to be about.
But West’s gentle enemies were no less harassed with prostrating duties. College had all but closed, and every doctor of the medical faculty was helping to fight the typhoid plague. Dr. Halsey in particular had distinguished himself in sacrificing service, applying his extreme skill with whole-hearted energy to cases which many others shunned because of danger or apparent hopelessness. Before a month was over the fearless dean had become a popular hero, though he seemed unconscious of his fame as he struggled to keep from collapsing with physical fatigue and nervous exhaustion. West could not withhold admiration for the fortitude of his foe, but because of this was even more determined to prove to him the truth of his amazing doctrines. Taking advantage of the disorganisation of both college work and municipal health regulations, he managed to get a recently deceased body smuggled into the university dissecting-room one night, and in my presence injected a new modification of his solution. The thing actually opened its eyes, but only stared at the ceiling with a look of soul-petrifying horror before collapsing into an inertness from which nothing could rouse it. West said it was not fresh enough—the hot summer air does not favour corpses. That time we were almost caught before we incinerated the thing, and West doubted the advisability of repeating his daring misuse of the college laboratory.
“I just… the noise…” I stammered.
Do you know what it sounds like, the crunch of bone as a finger is severed by a pair of scissors? I do now. I could feel the vomit rising in my throat as she slowly cut off that finger, the grin still fixed to her face as she cut through flesh and bone. It fell to the floor, the dog pouncing on it. And finally she told me I could stop filming.

“How do you do, sport?”
It was during my bachelor’s party. We had rented several cabins in Big Sur and spent the night drinking and packing our noses with powders that we shouldn’t have been packing our noses with. Everyone else had passed out and the sun was creeping up behind us as I stood on the majestic cliffs with my friend Chris, looking down on the pacific waves crashing against the rocks.
That would be good. Monsters can bleed.

Sparrow felt her knees begin to buckle, but she managed to keep standing. Her gun was in reach, she could grab it and easily aim, but every thought of trying to threaten or harm the creature was held back. Her hands stayed put following confused orders.
Part 3: Bloodless
No one else seemed to acknowledge the new stranger sitting at the back of the class. Class after class, hour after hour passed as I waited for something to happen. For someone to notice you, for you to leave, for you to let out a ghoulish scream and claw at me like in the horror story I was certain I was in. But nothing happened.
My first memory of you is a happy one. You’re holding me tight and comforting me, stopping my tears and reassuring me that everything would be okay. That’s been my memory of you for basically forever: the one person I can turn to who would make everything okay. The one person who would stand up for me and protect me no matter what.
“Okay, good.” The typewriter had begun to get on my nerves once more. “And what about when you’re awake? Do you see anything then?”
What truly frightened me, though, what made me turn away and never want to come back, was the bolted, caged microphone hanging from the roof in the middle of the room.
“Mom?” I managed to call out.
He took a moment to catch his breath. He was breathing dangerously hard and could feel every beat of his heart thumping wildly in his chest. He tried his hardest to calm himself and slid against his car until his bottom hit the pavement.
It was a misunderstanding. Just a misunderstanding.
Coco: Do you think Oliver is still alive?
“He was my friend.”
I was worried now. Nervous and yet curious at the same time, not wanting to know what was on the tape and needing to know at the same time. I walked over to the television and slid the tape into the old VCR my brother still owned that I had never bothered to throw out since he had gone missing. It began to play.
The family huddled together in silent conference. Amani volunteered, insisting firmly that she was old and was not afraid of death… or whatever may come. Over the family’s strong objections, she was the first choice. The family’s patriarch insisted as well with similar ferocity that he go with them. When Sayyid came back to them Amani stood to come with him, but before her son in law could join her, his wife threw herself in his path and began walking out of the house.
He suddenly stopped before her, not looking at her, at least not with those eyes pinched between his cheeks and brow. It only took him a moment to start his act, a speed which had been practiced and perfected, oiled and mechanical. A doorman opening a lobby.
I called 911. Told them my neighbor has been using power tools late at night for a few days now and that my neighbor had gone over and I’d heard fighting and I was worried someone had been hurt in the confrontation. They arrived quickly and I paced my living room, watching the lights of the police cruiser dance across the back wall. The officer didn’t talk long. Then he came to my house, since I’d reported it, and talked with me about what I’d heard. I wasn’t terribly coherent. I apologized, explaining that I’d been unable to sleep through the noise. The officer was polite and told me there was no sign that the argument had escalated further than just some yelling. He’d given the neighbor a warning about noise and told him to knock it off.
Shawn gulped and prepared himself for his answer. “See… I once lost someone very close to me. Before then I never did believe but,” he fought back a tear, “after their passing I guess I wanted to believe. I wanted to believe in spirits because, well, maybe she was one. And maybe she follows me around. Maybe she’s still right next to me. That’s why I believe. It just makes me feel a little better knowing her soul is still around me.”
“Dare, it is,” said Keaton.
There was still a chill in the air, the morning sun was hidden behind dark rain clouds. A lone man made his way down a quiet country path, gravel crunched under his heavy walking boots. He heard rain as it began to fall and make its way down through the trees; suddenly there was the sound of twigs breaking as something ran up behind him.
I felt sick and numb, my whole body struggling to move and wake up.
“Well, now isn’t this something.”
Amber rolled her eyes. “No, dummy, this is obviously homemade. Someone stitched this doll to make it look like that girl.”
After Chris’s father burned Butcherface’s media (including the art, photos, and tapes) I think everyone (including me) hoped that Chris would let it go. I know I was willing to let it go. But, it wasn’t long after that Chris began looking for any evidence of other media by Butcherface. He would occasionally talk (just to me) about strange tapes and art found in other parts of the country but most of it seemed sketchy, which even Chris was completely willing to admit. My attitude began to change about looking into Butcherface around this time when I was sitting at my desk and caught myself absentmindedly drawing Butcherface’s CV symbol on a piece of paper I was supposed to be drawing Batman on (which is a different story all together).
However, before the son could describe the horrors that had taken place, the ground around him erupted, and long green and brown tendrils encircled him, slowly pulling him beneath the earth. The son screeched, and wailed, struggling with all of his might. However, he was powerless against the roots that had trapped him within their vice-like grip. A moment later, the earthen tendrils disappeared beneath the dirt, causing the chieftain’s son, and his story to fade from the memory of the living world. The Native American tribe did not understand what had happened, but they realized enough to name the roots, “Death Devil.” Approximately two centuries later, there was a police case involving a recently deceased man, buried in Oakwood Cemetery, located in Wewoka, Oklahoma, which is near the heart of the Cross Timbers area. The police had to dig up the body of a man by the last name of Hess, for evidence. They noticed something incredibly peculiar about it when it was pulled up, and autopsied. Ripped from the subject’s mouth, they found its tongue, and there were large holes in the coffin walls, broken inward. Upon this discovery, the police officers began to check several other recently buried coffins and mausoleums. All of the bodies had the same phenomenon occur. The officers were confounded. Who would be interested in stealing just the tongue and vocal cords? The officers scratched their heads and began to leave. As they departed, a chorus of screams, moans, muttering and begging shattered the peaceful scene. The sounds mingled with that of dogs barking, birds chirping, cats meowing, and coyotes howling. This cacophony caused the officers to bolt, and leave the body that they had been investigating laying in the dust. As one officer remembered himself enough to turn around for the evidence that they had been sent to collect, a very unusual sight met her eyes. A writhing field of crimson flowers and dark roots covered the entire cemetery. Some say they are still there. Still taking their petals and adding to the collection. So, if you choose you can seek them out. Just consider one thing before you do: They are only a few voices away from the full choir.
For the first year of their marriage everything seemed to be good, Howard still worshipped her and showered her with gifts. Then it happened… Brenda became pregnant. Howard was thrilled to bits, Brenda was not! Talk of abortion from Brenda’s lips, but for the first time in their relationship Howard put his foot down. Eight months later, at 2:32am, an eight pound seven ounce baby girl was born. Emma Louise Simpkin, Howard’s pride and joy. To Howard, Emma was a blessing, to Brenda she was a rival, a rival for Howard’s affections and more importantly his gifts.
“Please, just let us go,” Julie sobbed.
The long rows of teeth weren’t what terrified me. It was the legions of eyes behind them. The darkness that lurked in the depths of her mouth. That mouth which opened impossibly wide. It yawned ahead of me like a cavern. It was in that moment I understood what had happened. Tracer wasn’t real. Lena Oxton was a fictional character made up for a video game. But this… Whatever this was, whatever I’d just let into this world, it was real. This was right here in front of me, and it was going to kill me.
Julian: We never seem to receive an answer.
As I have said, I am not a big guy. So, to be successful I need to be smarter, much smarter. If I’m to believe the note, this man had been doing this for 15 years, yet he lost to me. I can’t let that happen to me. I will be better.
The first area was almost laughable. The decor resembled the Halloween aisle of a K-Mart, complete with sheet ghosts and animatronic zombies that gave a static growl when you passed by. At the far end was an exit; it was the only door besides the one I entered through. I brushed through the fake spider webs and headed for the second room.
Truthfully, she had decided to tell Jaxson about the baby after it was born…provided that Jaxson was still in the land of the living.
“Listen, who are you?” I was now only a few feet from my doppelgänger. It was the weirdest experience yet, standing there talking to myself. I wasn’t scared, but I would be soon. “Why are you-”
As the elevator doors open, you’re immediately hit with the temperature. It’s hot. Not unbearably so, but noticeable. Once the doors are fully opened, you take a step out. There’s not much to see. The walls are a faded yellow color and have off-white wallpaper lining the bottom. The carpet is of the same sickening hue, and reeks of age.
The Gift had barely cleared the outer cometary halo when the mistake was realized, but it was too late. The Gift could not be caught, could not be recalled or diverted from its path. The architects and work crews, horrified at the awful power of the thing upon which they labored, had quietly self-terminated in droves, walking unshielded into radiation zones, neglecting proper null pressure safety or simple ceasing their nutrient consumption until their metabolic functions stopped. The appalling cost in lives had forced the Orchestrators to streamline the Gift’s design and construction. There had been no time for the design or implementation of anything beyond the simple, massive engines and the stabilizing systems. We could only watch in shame and horror as the light of genocide faded into infrared against the distant void.
“The number. Your apartment number, I—I… I got it wrong. I got your apartment number wrong. I went to the tenth floor instead of the eleventh. I… I went to apartment 1030, not 1130. I went to apartment 1030.” He sputtered.
“Recording the time, date, and your name for the records. Now, can you tell me why you murdered your wife, Mr. Brown?”
“But, how?” you think. You entered this room through one, right? Right? You rack your brain trying to think of how this may have happened, scanning the room over and over. You examine each wall, checking in case it’s an optical illusion caused by how similar the walls are, but alas, no luck.
I was dazed. Everything blurred and I felt warm blood dripping from my forehead into my eyes. This is bad. This is really fucking bad. I vaguely saw one of the tentacles wrap around what was left of my car and pick it up with me still in it. Had to act fast.
“The thing that will kill you… you won’t see it coming.”
“Damn it, it wasn’t quite fresh enough!”
For context, I am a smaller guy, I stand about 5’6”, and weigh around 140 lbs. I wouldn’t consider myself particularly attractive either, but I suppose that’s not all that a stalker looks for when picking a victim.
“She agrees,” he said. “All right, Peter. Time to put some hair on your balls.”
“Don’t be long!” Tracer said. “I’m impatient.”
I knocked on the door, and an old man came to open it. I introduced myself, and he almost immediately invited me in for coffee. He was probably glad to have some company, which I could understand, due to the location. I came to know him as Otis. He owned land here and in the field out behind his house and used it for farming. The only people he spoke to were those who would come and buy his produce, and it was all business talk. I watched my drink cool while he told me about the area; he’d been living here a long time.
Julian: Dreadful things, they start all sweet but the more they slither out of your wall the more sinister they become, no one knows what they do once they escape as it takes quite a while for them to slither out.
Roger’s arms were twitching slightly, his face pointed upwards to the sky. The skin from his legs began to peel back, exposing a chrome-colored surface. Within a few seconds, Roger’s body had shed like snakeskin, his uniform dropping to the sand. And standing in Roger’s place, a grayish android, the sunshine beaming off its polished torso.
“Is my son still inside?” he asked them politely.

Once my shift ended, I left the store. I didn’t spot the man on my way out. After I had traveled a couple blocks I pulled out my phone and took a selfie. I didn’t do this to post to social media, or to send to a friend. No, I used this selfie as a way to get a view of what was behind me without looking suspicious.

“Nah, man. You’re going too far.”
“Yes. Hello?”
* * * * * *
Jimmy scratched his head. “You know, now that I think about it; Sal mentioned having Kevin spray his attic last week. Said he had some sort of infestation up there. Get this, according to him his entire attic was covered in some sort of webbing, and it was all squirming with what looked like thin, short strands of string.”
“Alright… so, ma’am, can you tell me about these dreams you’ve been having as of late?”
The dead and naked body was just as I had left it, of course, with the incision along its chest, and the skin there curled back slightly from where I had begun to peel it. All at once, a rush of sound returned to my ears, and my movements resumed their typical speed. I shook my head once again and turned back to the drawer.
Water truly is terrifying. Your movements are slowed, you can’t breathe, you can’t smell, you can’t hear. All of your senses are dulled or taken away when you’re submerged. But clear as day, in that ocean, I heard the sounds of stone grating against stone, as if a boulder was rolling down a slope. I can’t put words to it, but at that moment, I could feel something moving beneath me, deeper under the sea. A voice, unlike any living beings, echoed in my head. “Francis Thurston, for years you have shown sympathy to those whose minds would be taken by me. Sara has led you here, and now you shall be my prophet”. Panic enveloped me as my limbs flailed, attempting to ferry me to the surface. More and more water could be felt being displaced and moved beneath me as I swam harder than I ever had. Moonlight streamed down, scattered by the water, as I felt this large entity gaining on me.
Jimmy looked at people like he did puzzle pieces. Sure, most of them seemed the same or quite similar, but if you picked one piece out of the pile you could see its own unique shape. It amazed him how all these singular pieces somehow managed to fit together. Sure, every now and again you’d have a piece that needed to be pressed into place with a little more force than the others, or a piece that went missing, but no picture was perfect. All the one-on-one conversations he’d had with most of the male inhabitants in town over the past 40-odd years made him feel like a kind of counselor or advisor to the town.
“Did they? Pay for your college, I mean?”
Then I went home and didn’t sleep for the rest of the night, alternating between dry heaving in the bathroom, sobbing, and screaming incoherently at the wall as that infernal saw went on and on and on.
A couple weeks later, I got a phonecall from Chris. He said he was still doing some looking around and found some strange stuff. Before I could say that I didn’t want to hear it, he said he went back to the house of the women who were the former owners of the house who we had talked to before. Before I could respond to this he said “they lied. Come see me tomorrow.” The next day, without telling my family, I drove back to Chris’s house. When I got there, I was greeted by his mother who seemed to be in a good mood. I asked her how it was going and (knowing what I was talking about) she said nothing strange had happened there for a couple months. I asked where Chris was and she pointed to the stairs that led down to his basement bedroom. I opened the door and immediately heard Chris talking but I couldn’t quite hear what he was saying, but assumed that he was talking to his girlfriend. When I got to a point on the stairs that I could see into his room, I saw that he was sitting in front of his desk, talking to a video camera.
She switched off the light and burrowed back under the sheets, unwilling to let her imagination turn her into a hysteric. Her stomach lurched and she wondered if she had a tapeworm, a big fat one like the kinds she sometimes saw in tequila bottles. It was a possibility. She was always hungry no matter how much she ate and yet her stomach still complained. She also felt bloated but had a weird craving for fried onions – which was beyond strange because she normally hated them, she even forbade Jaxson from eating them near her. He loved the damn things.
It may seem a weird thing to say, but I was oddly satisfied. I had won. Of course I still had problems I needed to deal with, mostly disposing of this body, but I couldn’t help it when a large smile crept upon my face.
“Why?” I responded. “Who is that?” The man held up the photo.
I remained silent, perturbed by the man’s presence and still shaken from the previous night.
I hated how fake she’d act around these preps. She wasn’t a party girl and she knew it. Neither was I but I owned it.
But the image wouldn’t last. When we picked up the footage on day 90 and reviewed it, we found a very different person.
“Where’s Junie?” she pleaded, an obvious lump building up in her throat.
There was a guy on the street. Or a woman. A person, I guess. They were wearing a hoodie with the hood up, obscuring their face. They were standing on the sidewalk. They were looking at me.
“What’s wrong? Who needs help? Where?”
Start polite. Don’t turn it into a confrontation right away.
“Dad…” Brian whispered sadly.
“How is this happening…” I murmured. “How is this possible?” I was barely focusing on playing the game. I knew the level well and was playing on a low difficulty, so I wasn’t too worried about dying.
“Of course not,” she said, slightly confused, but still happy that I had asked to dance with her.
“Are you insane? I’m not going down there. You shouldn’t go down there either.”
“I’m so… sorry, sir.”  Dimitri could tell the young Japanese-American astronaut was sickened by her own words.  “According to Nick, the current supplies would last six people no more than a couple of weeks.  I don’t know what to say, sir, except…I will die before I let that happen; you have my word.  I have to go before they discover that I’ve contacted you. Maintain your course and the second I can, I’ll give you an update.  God speed, sir.”
She hated Peg.
And it sure did.
The creaking drew closer. It was incredibly difficult to focus as quickly as my heart was beating so quickly, but I knew he would be approaching the second trap shortly.
Maybe she did. Maybe she’s far away. Safe. Maybe nothing’s coming for me. Maybe Michael’s just a poor guy whose wife left him. Maybe it’s nothing behind the trees, in the snow drifts, underneath the cars. Outside my door at night. And the windows. Maybe it’s nothing. Probably it’s nothing.
I was eating lunch at a little diner in the center of town when I heard the third scream. It began as a hollow noise, something that could have been the wind howling between the trees at the edge of town, but it built and built, fading into existence from a ghostly cry until it was a full, spine-stiffening scream.
Went to the movie theater in the afternoon, had dinner at the fanciest restaurant I could find without a reservation, and then went straight home.
One night, my friend Brian came over for drinks, and when I opened the door, I was shocked. I had never seen him like this before. All the color had drained from his face, and he was visibly shaking. “What’s wrong?” I asked.
The bell rang for recess. The other kids ran to their mundanities for the day, leaving me and you together in the empty classroom. You stood up and pulled a chair from the desk next to you, making it face your desk. You turned your head to me and spoke.
Away from the woman in the white mask.
The hallway felt distended and exposing; I periodically checked my progress behind me, only to regret it every time, knowing not what I would find when I turned back around. Each time I was only met with my closed door, though. The radio continued on, but I could hear something wavering under the heavy layer of static. A voice. It was a woman’s voice, angrily chanting out some indiscernible phonetics. The voice would undulate and occasionally take a sudden drop in pitch into a dark baritone only to level back out into a semi-human octave.
“You really do,” Tracer assured me. The violence of the game didn’t seem to affect her. ”Maybe after this, you and me could have a little more face to face, yeah?” she asked. “Sort some things out.”
I stopped. The blanket hung limply from my hand, the lump inside was still, but it made little squeaks of protest. I was breathing hard and there were dents in the wall. Blue stained the blanket in a few places.
I don’t know why I didn’t run away screaming at that moment. Probably would have turned out better for me in the long run, but let’s not speculate.
Jon had been anxiously glancing out since dusk, unable to concentrate on his game. He’d hoped Ted would make his way to a shelter, that he’d choose to help himself, but it didn’t look like that was going to happen. The past couple of weeks had been rough on Jon. Drowning in the wake of a messy breakup, he didn’t have much of a friend group left to lean on. He’d moved here with his fiance, they’d met people together, and that was that. His misdeeds made the separation surgical. If not for work he’d be a recluse at this point. Seeing Ted down there, alone and isolated in the storm, felt like looking in the mirror.
I pulled the top off the compartment and there they sat, a set of keys; my life savers. I could hardly believe it! Nothing in the last two years had actually gone right, and finally a break! I quickly grabbed the keys and noticed a cassette tape underneath them with the word “congratulations” written on it. I stared at it briefly wondering if I was being set up by some survivors who had God knows what planned for someone stupid enough to attempt to take the deasil. I shook the idea from my mind. I haven’t seen any evidence of human life in this city for six months. Even if it was a trap I was sure whoever left it was long gone.
George settled back in his chair. “Well, it seems to me like we’re carrying on three different conversations here. I don’t see what any of this has to do with Sal being in the hospital. I’m going to check in on him later when I pick up Sue from there.” Jimmy absentmindedly brushed a white hair off of his arm, spun George back around, and returned to the task at hand.
We still don’t know what exactly attacked Timothy. We assume it was a puma. Some locals claimed it was the Chupacabra, a mythical creature they had warned us about that ruled the woods and would come out at night to attack livestock. We’ll never know, though, as we’ll never go back to Patagonia again.
“Hey, calm down, sir. How old was he?”

“Well, what can I say? My grandparents are Italian.”
He took off his coat and hung it on a coat rack by the door. “Can I take your coat?” he asked. I told him it was alright; that I wouldn’t be staying long. I was just so shocked she’d do something like that. He was a really good guy.
I jumped off the ground and spun in one motion. I leaned against the wall behind me and I saw what it was that spoke to me; to this day I regret ever turning around.
I am a policeman. Being the first to answer to the call of my higher-ranking officer, I had to come to this location in order to investigate the demise – an apparent suicide – of the youth who used to live here. This much I certainly did. With the help of the apartment’s owner, I went in and had a look at the ominous and gloomy space, over which loomed a thousand printed pages from the shelves of a small bookcase. I then had a look at the air-shaft, that parallelogram chasm which had just devoured a human being… Some momentary agitation ensued because the owner appeared again outside the apartment so as to notify me that people had reached the bottom of the air-shaft from an opening on the first floor and were about to carry the body away. His statement was immediately verified as I looked again at the now empty air-shaft; from that distance – I could not help but notice – the blood on the floor could barely be distinguished from the multitude of shadows cast by window-lights of so many floors. After that I returned to the room with the bookcase, having first contacted my superior officer who asked me to wait for him there.
My ordeal started over ten thousand years ago, at 10:15 this morning. I earn extra money by participating in drug trials. I’m a so-called “healthy subject” who takes experimental drugs to help assess side effects. Once it was a kidney drug. A few times it’s been something for blood pressure or cholesterol. This morning they told me the drug I took was a psychoactive substance intended to accelerate brain function.
Snip, snip, snip.
“What? How do you know about that, Francis?”
I was a little slow to respond – I hadn’t spoken to another person in over a month. “H-hello? Somebody is standing in my front lawn. They are just… standing there. They have been there for at least 30 minutes, and I don’t know what to do.”
Keaton climbed back into the car and reached for Julie’s legs. Now was my chance. I sprung forward and kicked like a mule. My foot made sweet contact with the side of Keaton’s face. His head bucked to the side and then snapped back to where it was before I’d kicked. His face crumpled up into a pained wince.
“Wha–”
Collin: Yeah, so I told him because of that I didn’t know what government jobs we have available or even what had happened to our town since our disappearance.
An older lady was near tears, halfway through her share, when it occurred to me to check on how many cigarettes I had left – I was thinking already about the gas station on the corner by my apartment, and how I shouldn’t be smoking at all and need to quit – and I reached into my pocket to look at my pack of Parliaments and I felt it. A little lump, smooth and hard yet with an odd almost rubbery texture to it. Like a pebble left underwater for a long time. I took it out of my jacket pocket and looked at it and couldn’t believe it. It was a fucking tooth. How does this happen?
“Quick—before it’s too late!” I tried not to heed him; tried to break through the paralysis which held me, and to fulfil my vow to rush down to his aid. But his next whisper found me still held inert in the chains of stark horror.
Accept the fact that it was going to happen again, and that I couldn’t do anything about it.

Part 1: Good Will Hunting
“I just want something to eat.  The bus isn’t here yet.”
I finished the infernal design and admired my work on the screen. I reached for the mouse and opened my folder filled with various hentai images of Tracer, then my folder specially for videos. I opened one of my favorites from SpriteShark and watched as Tracer appeared on the screen.
“Hello,” he said into the phone.
I reached for the doorknob and my heart sank to my knees. I did not want to open that door. A feeling of dread hit me so hard I could barely even think. Logic overtook me after a few terrifying moments, and I shook it off and entered the next room.
“THE DOORS ARE LOCKED! WE CAN’T GET OUT!”
“It’s okay, Moreen. Just a power-cut. You’re just scared.”
Collin: He informed me that one reason he’s doing this is because the prison is overpopulated.
“Why not?”
“No charge for the reading.”
You know that your eyes never turn off? They just get covered by the darkness of your eyelids. The eyes I was seeing penetrated that darkness. I would fall asleep with those eyes staring back at me. For the longest time, those eyes got closer and closer to me until they finally caught me. They burrowed into my body and invaded the one place I knew I could always be safe. I would go days without sleeping, to the point where I would physically beat myself into unconsciousness just to get some rest without having to look at those eyes. I always did though. I was always looking at them. They followed my own eyes from behind my closed eyelids.
“Get him the hell out of here!” a voice shouted from behind the counter. “We’ve had enough of this!”
“What?” His father.
At the same time, Keaton swiftly opened his door and stepped out. I attempted to sidestep him but he strode right in front of me. He gently touched my shoulder. I yanked my arm away and threw up my hands.
“Have you ever seen a ghost?”
They were yellow and black and gapped. They were drunk’s teeth.
Shawn knew the feeling all too but only shrugged in response.
I issue my sister the coldest stare I can muster. “They’ll make fun of me either way?”
Estimated reading time — 19 minuteI love numbers, even numbers to be exact. I like that there are 48 stairs leading up to my cell. I like that I get precisely four hours of leisure time every day, no more, no less. I like that my wake up time, my breakfast time, my lunchtime, and my dinner time all happen on times ending in zero. I like that there are 80 cells in my block, 20 on each of the four floors. I like that my cell is on the fourth floor, six doors down. I don’t like that there are 17 bars on my cell door. I don’t like that my prisoner number is 15393, all odd numbers, my least favorite. I hate that I was only able to kill 19 people before I was caught.
“Okay, okay!” I shouted. “Stop!”
Coco: I get it.
Roger was around the bar and coming up to him quickly, holding his hands forward in what was supposed to be a comforting gesture.  Mark was not comforted.  All Mark could see was that the white tee shirt, previously only grimy, was now covered with blood.  There were splattered drops all over the front, and several wide streaks angling across it, as if someone had dipped a paintbrush in a bucket of the stuff and haphazardly gone to town on the shirt.
“Your parents tell me that you aren’t paying attention to your work at school. Is this because you’re too busy counting?”
West clashed disagreeably with Dr. Halsey near the end of our last undergraduate term in a wordy dispute that did less credit to him than to the kindly dean in point of courtesy. He felt that he was needlessly and irrationally retarded in a supremely great work; a work which he could of course conduct to suit himself in later years, but which he wished to begin while still possessed of the exceptional facilities of the university. That the tradition-bound elders should ignore his singular results on animals, and persist in their denial of the possibility of reanimation, was inexpressibly disgusting and almost incomprehensible to a youth of West’s logical temperament. Only greater maturity could help him understand the chronic mental limitations of the “professor-doctor” type—the product of generations of pathetic Puritanism; kindly, conscientious, and sometimes gentle and amiable, yet always narrow, intolerant, custom-ridden, and lacking in perspective. Age has more charity for these incomplete yet high-souled characters, whose worst real vice is timidity, and who are ultimately punished by general ridicule for their intellectual sins—sins like Ptolemaism, Calvinism, anti-Darwinism, anti-Nietzscheism, and every sort of Sabbatarianism and sumptuary legislation. West, young despite his marvellous scientific acquirements, had scant patience with good Dr. Halsey and his erudite colleagues; and nursed an increasing resentment, coupled with a desire to prove his theories to these obtuse worthies in some striking and dramatic fashion. Like most youths, he indulged in elaborate day-dreams of revenge, triumph, and final magnanimous forgiveness.

I know… it doesn’t sound like much of a nightmare. The first of many, it’s fairly subtle, but with each successive nightmare, things begin to change. Gradually the smiling girl gets closer and closer to you, while her smile widens to impossible lengths. You won’t be able to help but feel greatly disturbed and unsafe when it happens. Don’t worry, that’s normal. What’s next, however… not so much.

Earl chuckled. “It’s nothing! It’s mostly making schedules and other paperwork. I’ll show you the ropes; you’ll get it in no time.” When Shawn didn’t answer, he went on. “You still seem unsure, so how about this. I’ll talk this all over with the admins and see what they think. If they like it, it’s yours. If not, well, we’ll hire you as an officer anyway. It’s a win-win for you! How ‘bout it?”

Images of this sort: blood, misery and tears occupied dark corners of her consciousness as the minutes ticked by. Finally, nearly a full 30 minutes after the door had been breached, a sharply dressed man with spectacles and a prominent scar across his nose and left cheek walked into the room.
Looking back, I could see the warning signs even then. Your skin seemed to get worse and worse, paler and paler, and you’d rubbed your eyes raw.
“Not a finger,” says the other.
I have enjoyed all of this too much. There was no way I could just simply go back to my normal life of stocking shelves. My life had no purpose before, but now I have something to live for, and potentially die for.
“She looked like you. Sounded like you. She was talking to me like she knew me, invited me in, and I—I thought it was you. Until I looked, I looked at the number on the door, and it wasn’t yours, I realized you had said you were in 1130, and, and, and…”
I stopped moving at once, relief washing itself over me. Finally, someone had come.
“Teddy.”
“You don’t need–” his mother started, but then stopped, looking at him.  “Of course.  You can’t forget your backpack, now can you?”  She walked back to the couch to retrieve it, and then returned to Jake.  She stood for a moment, looking down at him and clutching the Transformers backpack to her chest.
That same night, we waited until it was late and drove to the old ladies former house. We had never broken into a house before in our lives and we were dressed in the stereotypical burglar outfit, black shirt and pants and a black hockey mask (I know, stupid). When we got to the house, we were so nervous that we didn’t even leave the car for a good 45 minutes. When we felt assured that the neighborhood was asleep, we got out of the car and crept into the backyard and to the backdoor. We looked into the window on the door but it was too dark to see anything. I took my shirt off and put it up against the window and gave it a punch, breaking the glass. It felt surprisingly loud but that could have been because it was so quiet, and the neighbors never woke up so I guess it really wasn’t THAT loud. I reached in through the hole in the glass and unlatched the door, then we had a whispered fight over who will go in first. It actually got down to a game of rock, paper, scissors, which I won so Chris went in first.
Nobody speeds on Oak Street. Not twice anyway. There are too many blind curves and too many deer. But I gripped the steering wheel with white knuckles as I made my way. The normally empty road was packed with traffic and I followed a pickup truck with five men in orange and neon-green sweaters most of the way up. One of them waved at me in recognition.
“Oliver Miller, you are under arrest for the murder of Ellis Langdon.”
“There you are, you bastard,” Roger said with good humor in his voice, and Mark turned to see him straightening up with a can of Folgers in one giant hand.  He put it on the counter and started to fill a coffee pot with water from a nearby sink, his back to Mark and light from the fluorescents overhead gleaming on his bald scalp.  Mark was again struck by how huge the man was.  He could see muscles rippling along Roger’s broad back as he leaned forward to work the sink.  Mark also noticed something that he hadn’t caught earlier: the man’s clothing was dirty.  There was a general griminess to the white shirt, with a few streaks of brown here and there.  The neckline was uneven and loose around Roger’s neck, unlike the rest of the garment, which fit snugly across his torso.  The shirt was partially tucked into nondescript brown pants, with a tattered belt and one belt loop ripped, hanging freely by its lower portion.
“Lonely. So lonely.”
About how I’d forget the instant I walked out of the room.

I still didn’t call the police. I wasn’t ready for a confrontation. I was trying to be patient.
The strange, stretchy “suit” covered everything except for J’s ears, face, and the thick, shaggy brown hair on J’s head. It looked just like a full-body set of bulging black muscles with a big white spider on the chest and back and weighed at least a hundred pounds! It felt like soft rubber and was as close-fitting as a diver’s wetsuit and rather clingy. J was not wearing this last night! J could still move normally despite the heavy suit’s great weight and somehow felt strangely stronger. “What the hell is this? No way I’m going out in public with this thing on me!” But this outfit that resembled the Venom creature from Marvel comics without the gruesome head, terrible teeth, or bloodlust was still destined to be a fashion nightmare in other ways.
I’m on all fours. Globs of saliva spill from my mouth.
I went to the wedding. Tina, Michael, and I laughed about the whole thing—the psychic “knew”! She “predicted” it! Of course she didn’t. Tina and Michael decided it was nothing more than a funny story to tell their future children.
“Well, it’s dope. I’m trying to cop a third floor room to crash in.”
I believe I tore through three-fourths of my reading list before I stumbled across the journal. Oh, God, that horrible, horrible journal.
Airport security found me passed out in a bathroom, missing my left foot.
Or at the very least, people having heard various stories about Better Films from unreliable sources and then passing them along.
I studied the keys for a moment and picked out one of the three that looked like it was right. I stuck it into the ignition and hesitated, wondering briefly if maybe someone had set a trap for the engine to explode once the key was turned over. Looking out at the city before me, I decided dying from an explosion would be a better way to go that being ripped apart by the veins of the beast. I pushed in the clutch and turned the key and the engine roared to life! I realized I had been holding my breath in anticipation and I let out a joyful laugh! I was going to get out of here!
Another voice simultaneously exclaimed, “GET HIM OUT OF HERE. MAKE HIM LEAVE.”
Erica desperately calls out his name, sprinting closer until the water’s at her chest level. Still, Caleb would not emerge from the water. She shouted and shouted, her voice half-cracking. Warm tears threatened to slide down her face when a figure from her peripheral vision lunges at her.
She gave the camera a weird look.
“Come on, Luke, just a bit further and you’ve almost made it.” The Rag and Bone Man tapped his fingers on the door frame and ran his barbed hand up and down the door. As Luke limped and dragged himself agonizingly close to within a few yards of the door, the Rag and Bone Man waited.
But something suddenly hit me like a ton of bricks… no; more like the realization that there was a charging bear coming right for me.
Whenever I reached to grab something, whenever I used or looked at my hands… it would mess me up for the rest of the day.
Sayyid was waiting for her at the end of the hallway, sitting in a small room with flickering, fluorescent lighting. He smiled at her, ever the gentleman:

My right ear had gone missing, in the exact same circumstances as my finger.
The woman’s name was Amani. She had been a merchant at a small shop in Raqqa before the war, and fled her home town after it became the focus of some of the most intense fighting of the conflict. She and her family had lived on the road for weeks, stopping only for food and gas, and then only rarely. But, the human body and mind are not built for constant transit. We require a degree of permanency, no matter how small, as much as we require oxygen. So they settled in a small village in the countryside. This little corner of Syria had not yet been touched by war. Soon, however, a rebel army rode into their midst and declared the village under their occupation. No one had heard of them before.
Another blip brought Mason’s attention back to the computer. “The mainframe access door has been sealed and shut. However, this action will hinder your attempt to evacuate. Perhaps I may offer an alternative?”
“No, sir, we cannot. However, we can take you to someone that has answers for you. The things you are seeing are real.” The one with the gun looked concerned, almost like he was sorry for me. The other guy just acted like he wanted to be done with it all.
“But my legs. My arms. They’re moving in slow motion.”
In my adrenaline-fueled escape, I hadn’t noticed that where the thing had grabbed my ankle, there was a deep gash that was leaking crimson blood. Again, I looked up to see this being, turning slowly towards me. Each footstep, an earthquake. Each breath, a hurricane. This being was on a scale wholly unique to itself. I was but an ant in this God’s path, and it paid no attention to me. No, this thing has risen above God. This thing was a force of nature. This is the Great Dreamer. This is Cthulhu. Soon, my blood loss had become too great and after a few minutes, I succumbed and passed out.

“Thank you, Jon.”
Kaylee looked at me and, very quietly, said, “Go ahead and do it Danny, we both know you’re going to.”

“Ah..is it workin’?” A whiny hick voice asked from the tape. “Good, ok. Howdy stranger and congratulations. Ya’ll must be wonderin’ why this here truck was left the way it was, well stranger that’s simple. To help ya’ll. Me and my brothers been looking fer any survivors so we traveled to any city we could gets to and left one of these here trucks at a clear exit. I hope ya’ll drove straight outta that city and kept goin’. I ain’t ganna promise me an’ my brothers still ‘round cus I aint gots an idea how long it’s been with that there truck sittin there. What I can tell ya is if we’re still ‘round you just gatta keep going straight. We made sure them trucks had full tanks a gas before leaven em. If ya’ll drive straight from the way that there truck was blockin, you’d be sure to run into a sign a where we are. Well, guess I done said all I need to but, before we end this, I have a warnin for ya’ll. We done left behind five trucks, wondered the cities each got left in for a couple hours, then came back to leave these here 5 tapes. I need ya’ll to look up right now, do ya’ll see a word above yer head? If not then yer the lucky ones. Only one of them trucks is ganna have a word, should say East. If that’s you, if yer in that truck listen right now still sittin in that city ya’ll need to get a gittin now. I don’t know what kinda Hell gates been open in that city or how anyone would still be alive there but theres somethin’ wicked in that place. God done gave a blessin to the other places after seein how bad that place was tore up. We had to wait almost a month before goin back to put this tape there on account of that Hell creature postin up waitin for us. If your listen to this now, ima tellin ya go now and go fast. That there thing aint nothin to take lightly to. If ya’ll got otta that place that things a commin for ya’ll. If ya’ll aint got that word above yer head, whatever ya’ll do, don’t go to that east city. That place there is Hell. Aint nothin in that place for ya’ll but death. If yer are the one sittin in that truck right now, ya’ll aint shaked that thing yet. Like I says it posted up fer us a whole dang month. We almost didn’t go back fer this here tape but, my brother said it aint ganna be right not leaving a message for a person that might gets lucky to get outta there. Well stranger good luck. Maybe we might be meetin soon if we’re still round.”
Tina stared at her for a few seconds, until Luvia repeated: “Michael Carten. The man you’re going to marry. Michael Carten.”

The bodies, there were so many bodies. There’s a grave for those children now.
And then he put the tile on the saw and started the blade and I heard the scream of the saw and the scream of the mouth that was on the tile, shrieking in agony as he sliced it cleanly in half. He looked back up at me when that was done.
“Which one’s hotter?”
“O-o-okay,” she responded, flustered.
The Rag and Bone Man let Luke’s head drop, making his way to the front door.
As I have said before, the weird studies of Harley Warren were well known to me, and to some extent shared by me. Of his vast collection of strange, rare books on forbidden subjects I have read all that are written in the languages of which I am master; but these are few as compared with those in languages I cannot understand. Most, I believe, are in Arabic; and the fiend-inspired book which brought on the end—the book which he carried in his pocket out of the world—was written in characters whose like I never saw elsewhere. Warren would never tell me just what was in that book. As to the nature of our studies—must I say again that I no longer retain full comprehension? It seems to me rather merciful that I do not, for they were terrible studies, which I pursued more through reluctant fascination than through actual inclination. Warren always dominated me, and sometimes I feared him. I remember how I shuddered at his facial expression on the night before the awful happening, when he talked so incessantly of his theory, why certain corpses never decay, but rest firm and fat in their tombs for a thousand years. But I do not fear him now, for I suspect that he has known horrors beyond my ken. Now I fear for him.
I threatened to sue the hotel, and the guys in charge ended up giving me some hush money.
Such suggestions enraged her.
“I don’t know,” Kent replied in shame. There was a long pause as he focused on Carol’s warmth covering his whole body, her embrace filling him with both hope and sadness.
So, we dropped by her house in the early evening, and she opened the door as we walked up the pathway to her house, before we even had a chance to knock. Tina elbowed me hard in the ribs and whispered that Luvia was clearly a psychic—she sensed us coming to the door! I whispered back that it probably had more to do with her house being full of windows, and the fact that she probably saw us coming from a long way away. Either way, I started to feel strange the minute we got close to her. She was very, very old—very tiny and kind of… sunken. Sunken eye sockets and sharp cheekbones and a sort of concave chest cavity. It was more than a little unnerving. But she smiled, and was sweet to us, and I started to warm up to her. Nothing about her or her house screamed “creepy psychic” to me—just a well-dressed older woman in a cabin-style house. It looked like you’d imagine any typical grandmother’s home—doilies, knitting, family magazines, etc.

Later that week, I visited Chris’s house again and as soon as I walked into the door, I knew I walked into an air of distress. Chris’s mother and brother were pacing back and forth in the living room, looking out the window into the backyard. I walked in and asked what was going on and looked out the window and saw Chris and his father in the backyard screaming at each other and behind them was a large bonfire that was almost nothing more than cinders. Chris’s mother said their dog, Bracket, had gone missing but didn’t say anything else. I opened the (now replaced) sliding glass door and walked out to meet them. As soon as Chris’s father saw me, he became even angrier. Chris met me halfway to the fire and said “I had to tell them that we broke into that house”. I asked why and he said that he thinks that Butcherface took their dog as payback for breaking into his home. I asked what was on the fire and Chris told me that what his father was burning was Butcherface’s notes, photos, and tapes. Everything had been burned to ashes. During this, his father had walked up behind him and said “I’m ending this right now. I’m burning everything so that you guys can’t get into any more trouble.” As he said this, he continued past us and into the backdoor of his garage and came back with a shovel, adding “and I’m burying the ashes to put this to rest for good” and started digging a hole at the back of his yard close to the woods.
“What in god’s name is this place? How could something like this even exist!? “
“No, Mother.” That bitch, she had told. He wished he could kill her again; she suffered too little.
“Instinct”, is what my roommate called it when I confided in her later that evening after I shot down the possibility that I’d just been working too hard.
“Yeah… yeah, probably just staring at that monitor all day. Got my mind going crazy.” I dropped the subject and kept going. As I got in my car, I looked back over to where the thing was. It was still there, now staring off upwards, into whatever sky was above it.
Then we fell back into talking about old times as a new day dawned.
They had managed to get back into the cruiser by one o’clock. Henrinson had somehow calmed down enough from his own ordeal to move, a point that Sparrow didn’t know whether to be happy or angry about giving that he had not fully experienced what she had but decided more on the prior at the moment. He glanced at her pale face, his eyes sunken with dread, and then turned to the radio transceiver in front of them. He hesitantly took it and spoke as clearly as he could.
 CREDIT : John Zanger
Turns out some pretty famous people were like this. Lovecraft? All that shit he wrote about was from personal experience. Turns out there really is another dimension beyond ours that’s ruled by giant monsters called the Eldritch. Thankfully, none of those have passed through. He just looked into their dimension.
He turned around and grabbed the last key that was available.
When recess came, I just sat at my desk, while my classmates ran out. It felt like a ritual, but I didn’t know what for. I was contemplating just walking out to join them, when I heard it.
Shawn was interrupted by a scream.
“What can you tell me about my love life?” Tina asked.
Jake woke up the next morning to the sound of his mother screaming hysterically.  He bolted up, not sure where he was.  He had slept in his parents’ bed the night before, but the darkness and sudden jarring wakefulness were disorienting.  He jumped out of bed and almost tilted over, still not fully awake.  He barely registered how cold it was in the house.  His mother wouldn’t stop screaming, and he could now hear his dad trying to get her to be quiet.  “You’re going to wake him up, now shut up!”
“Amy Ainsworth!” Chris stated proudly.
He paused for a few seconds. “I… thought you did.”
* * * * * *
Brian looked as if he’d just found out there was no Santa Claus. Kent quickly backtracked.
Julian: Of course, buddy.
Mom calls for dinner, but I don’t go. I don’t leave my bed. It’s already dark outside, so I put my lamp on and continue praying to God to get rid of the horrible hair. I don’t even believe in God, but I keep praying anyway. I’ll do anything, I tell him. Anything. Just let me wake up with nice light fine hair like my sister’s and I’ll be the best, most honest person who’s ever lived.
“Computer,” he ordered, “bring up all available ship security feeds in Sector VI.”
I click “play message”, and feel my stomach drop as I listen to the voice, sounding horrifically distorted, as if it emanates from a throat slashed to ribbons, crackling with more urgency than ever before. I look around my apartment as the voice on the phone repeats the same phrase over and over again.
The sounds were closer now, and there was no mistaking the cries. They were distinctly inhuman. They were halfway between the creak of a rusty door and the screech of a teakettle. In order to make a sound like that, of that volume, human vocal chords would have to be tearing themselves to pieces: shattering themselves futilely in an effort to make their suffering known to an indifferent world.
Soon enough, you won’t be able to distinguish your dreams from reality. You’ll awake from one torturous experience only to be greeted by alternative horrors. Without realizing it, you’ve given the twins a new playmate. And do they ever like to play. Well, at least one does. While one “plays” with you, the other will stand there, watching, chanting “pass it on” over and over again, all the while ignoring your cries for help.
I breathed a sigh of relief.
“It’s not that simple really. Organs and body parts don’t exactly appear out of thin air, and the price is certainly steep.”
Within the hour Riley had arrived, dressed in a yellow floral sundress.
“No?  They used to kill girls with big ‘ol rocks when they were bad. Do you want that?”
My first investment was a Taser. I carried this on me on my walks home, just in case he tried to pull anything outside my apartment, but since he follows me on foot, it’s my belief that he won’t try anything until he’s inside my home.
Cautiously he touched her thigh, and jerked away as if her flesh was hot. It wasn’t, though. In fact, she was starting to get cold. It had been four hours.
She stood above him, ancient and leviathan from his angle. Her cane loomed over him like a tree trunk.
“Negative. you may head home for tonight, fill in your reports in the morning. Good night officers” the static clicked off and they were left in silence. Relief permeated the atmosphere. It gave Sparrow the opportunity to find her voice. She ignored all of her brain’s requests and asked the most logical.
The removal of the slab revealed a black aperture, from which rushed an effluence of miasmal gases so nauseous that we started back in horror. After an interval, however, we approached the pit again, and found the exhalations less unbearable. Our lanterns disclosed the top of a flight of stone steps, dripping with some detestable ichor of the inner earth, and bordered by moist walls encrusted with nitre. And now for the first time my memory records verbal discourse, Warren addressing me at length in his mellow tenor voice; a voice singularly unperturbed by our awesome surroundings.
“What the hell is her problem?” I thought to myself as I sat in my cubicle. Angela, one of my co-workers, was staring at me. More accurately, she was gawping at me. At my face. I wanted to scream at her, flip my desk over and demand what the fuck her problem was, but I just kept my head down. You see, this had been happening ever since I got a job here. In fact, anytime I got a new job, my co-workers would end up staring at my face.
“Hold on a second,” Kent interjected. “Let’s just hear him out.”
I didn’t do anything, except leaving a handwritten note by my bedside.
Julie hung up and redialed. Pressed the phone to her ear. Waited. Nothing. My heart thumped. I hadn’t seen a car in half an hour. I took backroads whenever possible. I hated driving on the highway. Hated the danger, the road rage, the intensity of it. Julie and I had been on our way to a party in the mountains. Some preppy guy she liked was throwing it in his parents’ McMansion and had invited us, probably in the hopes that Julie would sleep with him. He was a frat guy and I wasn’t the biggest fan of his. Struck me as a douchebag.
Congrats! If you are reading this, it probably means that you won, and that I’m dead. I could tell you were the right choice from the moment I laid eyes on you. You see, you and me are one and the same. I killed my own stalker 15 years ago, but it wasn’t enough. You will have that craving soon enough, too. Even if you killed me, you have much to learn. Did you think I didn’t know about the traps? What do you think I did while you were at work? Learn from your mistakes, and you may have a long life ahead of you.
Let’s say that there’s a photo out there. It’s not one of those “can’t be found anywhere else” type of pictures. It’s actually really easy to find. Just use your chosen search engine and type in “black and white photo of twins.” You should be presented with a variety of different black and white photos of twins, but let me help and tell you what to look for. You’re looking for a picture of two twin girls wearing black dresses and white headbands. The twin on the left has a straight face while the one on the right is smiling.
“So, they made the frame and the consciousness of the thing, and they wanted to give it emotions as a test before they gave it organs and such, y’know, to try and make it as close to a human as they could, so it would blend in. They also gave it a bunch of special abilities, like superpowers. Nobody knew what kind of powers, but there were a lot of suggestions from everyone. Stuff like laser vision and secret machine guns hidden in its arms.”
“No, no it’s just, uh, allergies.”
As we arrived at the town, it seemed as though it had been isolated from the rest of the world. Buildings resembling those from America’s colonial days stood, though the paint and wood clearly weren’t original to the structure as they hadn’t warped or faded. The roads were still cobblestone. However, they had gas lamps which means that this town had contact with the outside world, though not for some time. People wandered about the streets, seemingly normal. There was nothing other than the lack of technology to suggest this town was anything but average.
The man sighed once more, his demeanor becoming more sympathetic. “I can’t.”
Destiny crashed against my bedroom door and slid to the ground. She looked up at me with tears in her eyes. Her red intestines spilled out of her open stomach, but somehow she still clung to life. I saw her silently pleading with me to let her live… Whoever she was, she didn’t want to die. I suppose I understood that. But I couldn’t grant her wish. I wanted Tracer, and for that, she had to die. I put the knife into her neck. Destiny’s eyes didn’t close. Her head slammed against the doorframe. She made a wheezing gasp, similar to what Emily had made when she’d died on screen.
“Right.”
Local citizen Mrs. Albernackie was quarantined from her home yesterday as her house was infested with Wall Dogs. Mrs. Albernackie stated “I came home about a week ago to the most adorable little poodle sticking halfway out of my wall right above the fireplace. I thought She couldn’t hurt anyone, as she was just so happy there licking anyone who came close to her, so I didn’t think it was necessary to call the police. Soon though, another dog appeared, a rottweiler I think, and then another, and oh my lord, soon there were just so many, just barking and snarling and oh I didn’t know what to do, I was so embarrassed that I allowed it to get that bad! I called the police so I could finally feel safe in my home again, but then… then the barking stopped. They all stopped as soon as the police picked up. When I got off the phone with the deputy, I saw that they were all staring at me, with this crooked smile.” The police at the scene stated they were glad they got there when they did as the dogs only had their back legs still in the wall, all of whom were still staring and smiling at Mrs, Albernackie who had taken refuge behind her favorite reclining chair. The police are still currently handling the situation.
In my fantasies, I imagined her coming home and ignoring her girlfriend just so she could talk to me. I imagined taking her out to dinners and then back to my place. I imagined fixing what Blizzard fucked up. Lena belonged with a man. That was how this was supposed to work. One man and one woman. That was the natural order of things! I thought about what life would be like once Tracer finally told Emily that it was over and she truly became mine.
“What the heck are you goin on about son?” My dad asked.
This isn’t uncommon. After all, we’re the strangers temporarily invading some other animal’s territory, so it can take a couple weeks or so for both to get used to the idea of being in a new place or having someone else take up residence. Usually it goes pretty smoothly, though we’ll often see a competitor or two get too scared and drop out during this time.
“Nonsense!” she replied. “I can come get you! Your building is close to Seventh Street, right?”
And in that brief respite the wolf-thing rose up, drew his shoulders back, and his neck seemed to elongate, the muscle rippling and bulging, and he opened his mouth so wide the lower jaw flapped like a broken hinge, and then he bit my neighbor’s head off.
Shawn began his first unsupervised shift on a warm April Monday. While walking from his car he noticed a figure in a window to his left. About six windows away he could make out a young man, perhaps his own age, looking at Shawn from the West Wing. Shawn waved hello to the man. In return, the man motioned for Shawn, as if to say “come here”. The man’s face was emotionless. Shawn ignored this gesture and continued walking.

“I told you not to do the nasty. And now I catch you doin’ it on your sister. What can I do with such a disrespectful boy?
Being merged with a symbiote that weighs twice as much as he does was still no laughing matter for J. Inside the very thick and heavy thing it felt like and WAS being stuck up to his earlobes in a rubbery living tar pit that will never let go. The powers, super-webs, bonelessness, and whole-body Hulk-like physique with these monstrous giant symbiote-muscles everywhere and the mega-strength to match that came with them would be a major life adjustment. J would never get used to the freaky feeling of the shiny black organism attached to him and stuck on him like rubbery super-glue… or being literally stuck in a lifelong host-parasite relationship where he was the dependent parasite!
I thrashed and kicked. Keaton and Peter backed away. Keaton stepped forward and roughly placed his foot up against my shoulder and forced me against the car.
“Why are we going to –” I began, but he cut me off without meeting my eyes.
My ear throbs.
“I don’t want to be the one telling you this…but…somebody has to.  Things have gone to shit down here.  It’s…it’s war.  The big one.  I think NASA is gone.”  Dimitri struggled to grasp what Dolph was trying to tell them but Laura immediately thought of the flash and knew.
“Hey, buddy, calm down!  It’s okay!  It’s okay!” Roger said.
I look her over and thankfully she hasn’t spilled her bottle. Maybe we still have a chance of being somewhat on time. I hand her the bottle back, wipe her face and kiss her forehead. Thinking if I show her love it will help calm her down. As if she knew could read my mind she threw her bottle and it bounces off of my forehead and onto the floor. Great.
My sister keeps telling me to stop wearing long sleeve shirts to gym class—to shower with the other girls. “People are starting rumors, Camilla,” she tells me. But I won’t budge. I’ve worn long pants and sleeves since Elementary and I’m not going to stop now. And I’d rather stink than wax my entire body for one shower. Keeping exposed skin smooth is bad enough.
When we were 17 we made our first friend, Christopher Hughes, whose family moved in next door in the winter of 2011. Chris was unlike the other teenagers we had met. He never looked at us with pity, nor did he seem afraid of or put off by our appearance. He’d often come round and watch TV with both of us. Remus liked him, too, and would hold his hand, and they would both cheer as they watched that scene where Chaplin is rollerskating. I liked Chris, too. We would talk about the Ainsworth girls who lived around the corner from us, and how we’d both like to know how they looked under the matching blouses they’d often wear. Remus didn’t like this, however. He’d pinch me whenever the subject came up and would grab Chris’s hand.
I looked up to see my bedroom window shattered and a dirty rock on my floor. I looked out of the cracked window, to see a dark figure on my lawn.
Then, breathing heavily, we turned around.
We drove the rest of the way to the convenience store, and I watched as more and more fell from the tear in the sky as we drove. There had to be hundreds by now. Who knows how widespread they could be?
That same night saw the beginning of the second Arkham horror—the horror that to me eclipsed the plague itself. Christchurch Cemetery was the scene of a terrible killing; a watchman having been clawed to death in a manner not only too hideous for description, but raising a doubt as to the human agency of the deed. The victim had been seen alive considerably after midnight—the dawn revealed the unutterable thing. The manager of a circus at the neighbouring town of Bolton was questioned, but he swore that no beast had at any time escaped from its cage. Those who found the body noted a trail of blood leading to the receiving tomb, where a small pool of red lay on the concrete just outside the gate. A fainter trail led away toward the woods, but it soon gave out.
My brother has always had a dream of being a great filmmaker.
What did surprise him was when Amber filed for divorce.  He might have found it amusing (after all, it was an easy ticket out for him,) but what he didn’t find amusing was when she filed for alimony, and when the judge granted it.  Their home hadn’t been much, but it was a damn piece better than the one-bedroom apartment he ended up in.  That was three months ago, and things weren’t showing any sign of improving.  He picked up extra shifts where he could, but the constant thought of working his hands to the bone just to give more money to the bitch drove him crazy.  He could work 70 hours a week, and all he had to show for it was his shitty apartment and his shitty car.
“Well?” I asked, the anticipation building to an uncomfortable degree within my chest.
“Can you do something for me?” the man asked. His words oozed out of his mouth in a malevolent, serpentine nature.
“Erica!”
There was nothing left for me to do but accept it.
I had nowhere else to go but the cornfield. I ducked into the stalks, sprinting to safety. It was my only option. I tried to ignore the stinging of the plants around me and did my best to travel in one direction.
We visited Dennett that night, and tried our best to explain some of what was happening. He wasn’t really having it.

My article for the next day’s issue was more circumspect than the first and my editor seemed to be pleased with it, though I wasn’t sure how useful it would be as around thirty people had heard the screaming at the park and rumors were beginning to spread.
He’d drag them to a special room in his house. Here the fireflies would come and latch onto them. Now, nobody was searching for the kids. Not the police, not the parents. Nobody.
As if hypnotized, Brittany leans back, hands over her mouth. The Mimi’s are waiting for her to say something.
“Okay. Thank you.”
02“Can we go on the roller coaster?”
We fell asleep together on her couch and I woke up to the sound of screaming. For a moment, I didn’t know where I was. The scream was so intense, so full of fear and horror, that it shot through me like an electric needle in my spine. I leapt over the back of Kaylee’s couch and I was standing ready for a fight when I realized that it was Kaylee screaming.
The man trembled as he attempted to stand, relying on Kent’s arm to pull himself up. Kent just stood there wondering if he should shake the man off or let him continue. Soon their faces were right up close to each other.
“Well… no… but I just meant–”

He made a new way. He modified the flies, so they could survive without a host, just in a dormant state. When a child (he specified the age) would approach the swarm, it would latch on and begin its effect. Over the years, the child would warp horribly into the things we saw in the woods.
The evening was chilly; a cool breeze blew forth from the lake directly across from Lara’s apartment complex.
Collin: I was horrified at the thought of getting an actual job. I haven’t left my house since I met Oliver, which was about a month before the town’s disappearance.
We pulled over next to a little roadside memorial. A slightly worn but still pretty silver and pink cross is placed there with flowers withered by the hands of time and various other trinkets of memorial. The name on the cross reads Emily Semple. It looks to be a child’s; that makes me sadder to think about then when I think about my wife. It’s something at least I though. A temporary mental vacation into someone else’s hell to be able to escape my own.
“On my door.”
Once more came the voice of my friend, still hoarse with fear, and now apparently tinged with despair:
It all started after I had that damned panic attack.
“Prude.”
Room three is when things began to change.
Her rhetoric frightened him. What if she took away the television? What if she made him take those pills again – what had she called them? Saltpeter? He could fix that, though. He was good at hiding them under his tongue and then throwing them out his window.
“Yep. If that’s okay. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable. But I know you’ve been here since seven o’clock cooped up in that office all day. You’ve got to be dying for something to eat.”
At last, I cut through the bone and David fell back on me, so that I hit the ground with him on top of me. I could see the last of his severed arm disappear into the nothingness.
I was dumbfounded. For all the work we had put into this I hadn’t expected us to get anywhere. To be honest I was pretty much convinced the whole thing was just some ghost story, that if there ever had been a ‘Better Films’ there was nothing more to it than some low budget production company that had made a few creepy little flicks and then folded up. All the weirdness around it, all the little hints and dark suggestions we’d gotten about there being something more sinister about the whole thing, I’d put that down to just people making stuff up.

Lunch Lady Saunders crosses her arms. I blink and rub my eyes with the palms of my hands. In the tray in front of her—
“Brilliant! I promise, I’ll make you the happiest man alive!” She stood and picked up the camera. “Now, I can show you again later if you need… But let me show you how to do it…”
After looking around in the photo and zooming in, my heartbeat quickened. The man from the store was there. He was quite a distance behind me, but he was there. I couldn’t be absolutely certain it was him, because I had to zoom in so much that the photo became pixelated, but if I had to put money on it I wouldn’t think it could be anyone else.
It began insidiously. He was depressed by the failure of his band and, on the road, the cure for depression was often found at the bottom of a bottle – a pill bottle, in Jaxson’s case. He went through periods of agitation followed by days when he was completely lethargic. Their fights increased, his family blamed her, and after the police were called in to break up one particularly bad row, Amber packed up her things and moved back up north.
You’d still duck around it, grabbing your coat in an expertly practiced movement of routine, never thinking twice. Most people never think twice, they have more important things to think about and do.
“Very well. Our agents here will escort you back home. Here is a card with my number. Please keep an eye on our friend up there for now and study him. This is a tall order for your first case, but I guarantee you will learn quite a bit from it. You’ll also be subject to regular psych evaluations. We will contact you when we get everything processed.”
He wiped the hair and blood off the corner and released a sigh of frustration.
Roger stopped whistling and called back over his shoulder, “Yes’m?”
In fact, Jake hadn’t seen anyone for a day or two now.  The snow had started four days ago, on August 20th, and there were still people driving for the first day, and then walking around for a bit longer.  But the snow had just kept coming, and eventually, Jake stopped seeing anyone outside.  That didn’t stop him from looking, though.  In his mind, he kept expecting to see the splash of headlights come down the street, followed by the bright yellow of the school bus that he’d been waiting for.  The bus would stop in front of his house, and he’d run out with his backpack and get onboard, seeing all of the other kids huddled up in coats and scarves and gloves.  Bobby would be there, and so would a whole bunch of other kids that Jake had never met before.  The bus driver would smile at him, and the doors would close, and the bus would take him across town to his first day of school.  His first day, which should have been two days ago.
(a cranking, sputtering noise is heard in the background, followed by heavy breathing)
Chapter 4
Her fingers opened, beckoning me forward. I reached out towards her to help her through. For a perfect moment… I touched Lena Oxton. I touched my beloved Tracer…
Amber’s strait-laced parents were mortified by her appearance as were most of their very-clean-cut neighbors, yet they were even more horrified by her attitude and behavior. They could not understand why she was so interested in misfortune and they urged her to be thankful for her good health and stable life.
Out in the hall, I could hear two teachers’ voices. I thought I could tell that one of them was Mr. Claeys. I didn’t recognize the other one. She was weeping and her voice cracked on every word.
Maybe it was that which made him become so arrogant and mean spirited. But increasingly he became that worst kind of cliché…the ‘artist’ obsessed with their ‘vision’ and treating everyone in their lives like crap, the self-centered, petulant child in an adult’s body. I’d like to say that I called him out on any of this but the sad fact is that I went right along with him on it.
I put my hand back in my pocket with the tooth and smiled and whispered, “Yep, all good,” and he nodded and turned back to the lady at the front. She was wrapping up, talking about how things were so different now – her kids were back in her life, her job hadn’t let her go after all. All that happy horse shit. She was smiling while she spoke, a big smile, lips split wide. I’d heard her story before – right down to the bottom, she’d been a baglady and in bughouses and here and there. Now she was in a nice sweater and skinny jeans, nice shoes. But her teeth betrayed her.
“You’re mine, Jeremy,” Tracer crooned. “You belong to me.” I couldn’t escape her iron grip, but, oh my God, did I try. I pulled as hard as I could and I swear I felt myself slipping. Tracer’s mouth opened wide and she stretched out her neck to bite down on my arm. I felt the bone break and screamed out in agony as it did. Then came the sensation of numbness. It hurt. Oh, God, it hurt, but I was free!
“I wanna go in there, dad!” Brian hollered, running towards a spooky-looking funhouse. It had a spider motif, and an equally attractive name: Spiderland Fun House. Kent stopped dead in his tracks.
Damn Mother and her sewing.
His tone was cold, emotionless. It was clear that he couldn’t care less whether I’d be hurt or not, couldn’t care less what this person he knew nothing about and had only just met wanted to do with me. That he didn’t give a damn about my wellbeing or my safety, that I was just another tool for him to use to make his damn movies.
“Depends, what’s the pay like and is there health insurance?” I quipped back at him. I want answers, not some vague offers and sci-fi names.
Julian: Oh, Coco, you got nose blood all over my jacket!
When I finally did, it was still there.
I ran for what seemed like forever, but I was always back in the same room I started in. At least, it looked like the same room. Not that I could tell them apart.
I zoomed in, hoping to get a better look. It looked to be made out of pure darkness, with tendrils popping out of it in every direction. I saw a storm chaser plane flying close to it and my stomach fell out. One of the tendrils snapped out like lightning, piercing straight through the plane. It went down into the water.
“It was the fucking engine,” I said. “I hate this car!” I slammed my hand down on the steering wheel, accidentally honking the horn.
Ending Boson Fleet Nova transmission 32.
After he said those words, he turned his head towards the closet where Matt was hiding. The call closed, leaving me staring at the YouTube homepage. I tried not to think about what happened to my friend, and instead reflected on what the thing had said to me. “We are the end.” Those words played over and over again in my head until it finally occurred to me.
Chris was in town for business last week, and planned on spending the weekend at our house. The conversation at Big Sur had happened four years ago, and we hadn’t spoken about Samantha’s removable face since, despite keeping in close contact and seeing each other as often as two people transforming into adults in different parts of the country can.
I waited to see if I would hear a thud, but instead I heard the sound of creaking wooden floors. So he had stepped over the trip wire at the entrance. No big deal. I never had high hopes for it anyway.
   Please wait...“Alright, can you count backwards from 50 for me please?” The nurse asked sweetly.
“I’m scared.”
Smiling, Tracer approached the camera and pushed the picture down.
From my room on the second floor of my house, I stared unblinkingly at it: that figure under the pale yellow cast by the street lamps that guarded the suburb. Their crooked necks were bent over like monks occupied in scriptures, but there was no presence of holiness there. There was no sanctuary, or consolation on my street that night, not while it was watchingd. For a while, everything was still, with an energetic sort of tension that draws tight, as a line threatening to break yet never does. The lights watched the street. I watched it, and it watched me, just as it always did. The line was growing tighter.
Julian: Go right ahead!
I don’t know what I was thinking. Whatever insurance was going through my mind at the time completely overshadowed the truth. I had not seen those eyes on anyone for several days. I was quick to go back out, look for a job, visit friends and family, and try to do what I could for Alice to thank her for all of her help, despite how cumbersome our relationship had grown. Everything was going so well. On this one night, I had just come home late from my parents’ house for dinner and coffee. My girlfriend was already asleep, so I prepared myself for bed and curled up next to her. I turned on the television for light and some slight sound before shutting my eyes. I felt her arm reach over in her sleep and lay over my shoulder. I felt her turn her body toward mine. I loved her so much. I was so looking forward to repairing and rebuilding our relationship. I smiled and thought she may have been awake. I looked at her and threw myself out of the bed and onto the floor.
Her long black hair crinkled and parted as she lifted her head to speak.
I completed three of ten bunk sections when we started to experience radio problems. We have had instances before where external conditions can mess with our channels, and we normally ignore them. But those instances are partial interferences at best. This was complete cuts of contact for minutes at a time. Around the third time we re-established connection, I radioed to my supervisor to ask if I should skip to the bridge of the ship to check radiation meters that were consistent with solar interference. Due to the nature of the problems, he ruled against it. Henrietta was ordered to come back to the ship to make checks on com equipment and boost channels for better reception. Truthfully, I wanted to visit the bridge for more personal reasons. I was feeling increasingly uneasy about visiting the bunk sections. Every section I had visited thus far was so strange. None of the logs had revealed any information documented yet. The station had been operational for a year and three months, there had to be some sort of record kept on these logs. But the lack of information suggested two things: either the crew wiped log information in an attempt to cover details, or no information had ever been recorded.
That weekend, Chris and his father decided to look around the house more thoroughly to see if Butcherface had left any other clues to his former presence in the house. I came over to help and the only room they said they’ve never thoroughly looked around in since getting the house was the attic, so we decided to start there. It didn’t take long to find anything because almost immediately, I came across an old looking trash bag in one of the corners. I picked it up and heard the tinking sound of glass against glass. We brought it downstairs and cut it open and found it completely full of liquor bottles and used syringes. Using rubber gloves, we removed every object one at a time. It was almost all bottles and syringes and the occasional trash, until we got to the bottom.
“Of course I know who you are. You’ve been all over the international news for months now.”
MR. GROVEWOOD: Did you receive the information I transmitted?
I repeat do not send…(another bang, then the sound of the door being broken open makes a loud screech, like metal scratching on metal) It’s here, tell my wife and daughter I love them. (heavy growling fills the air until its broken up by a loud shriek) Fuck you, you ugly son-of-a-bitch. (there’s a menacing thud, then the horrifying scream of Captain Brinkman)…
You know those people who you tell the time of events to 15 minutes early because you know they would be late? The ones who would be late to their own funerals, as the saying goes? Well, that’s me. Prepare as I might. I can never seem to get anywhere on time. It’s the most frustrating trait ever, yet it’s absolutely always my fault.
I couldn’t think or function normally because the thought of my lost finger was always on my mind. I mean, it USED to be attached to me, and then it disappeared overnight, so it was only natural to be reminded of its absence constantly.
Even when her personality seemed to change, when the jokes grew stranger and the behavior was questionable, I still knew that she was the love of my life. So we got married.
“Remus?”
I checked for a pulse, but there was none. This man, whoever he was, was already dead. I’m not entirely sure if it was the Taser, or whatever was in that syringe that did him in, but he was gone.

What am I supposed to say? That I just saw a ghost? An entire hallway of them? They should have heard that God awful screaming, but they didn’t. If they did, they would have done exactly what I just did; ran for their fucking lives. But they didn’t. From the looks of it, they were completely oblivious. And my guess is, the same goes for the rest of the night staff.
Dave, giving me a puzzled look, went for his gun. “Did you hear that, Hanit?” he questioned almost sarcastically. I shook my head and backed up towards the door. This idiot was so far gone he hadn’t heard the commotion outside. “Dave, please …“ I attempted, but Dave rolled his eyes, “Damn feral cats always commin’ in through the window.” he said with a smirk, as he walked into the kitchen. That was Dave, so far gone all the time nothing scared him. He’d killed plenty of stray animals that wondered through open doors and windows, but he had no idea what awaited him on the kitchen window seal. “What the . . .” Dave began screaming, shots were fired, and Ginger wailed wildly. I could hear dishes falling and breaking, a struggle was happening. I held my breath; hopping Dave would put an end to the beast that crawled out of my cat. I opened the front door, ready to bolt if I needed to. When the noises of struggle finally quieted down, a new sound floated out of the kitchen; a strange noise like hundreds of crawling worms and odd cracks and clicks.
I grabbed her arm and rushed her off to the girls’ bathroom. As soon as we got there, I made sure no one else was hiding in the stalls. We were alone. She had a huge smile on her face, and I faked a smile for her too. As we were both leaning in for the kiss, I felt around for the corner of the sink. I placed my hand on the right side of her head. Instead of guiding her face to mine, I slammed her head into the corner of the sink, leaving a red smudge. She immediately collapsed to the ground. I put my ear to her nose and counted ten seconds. She wasn’t breathing. I had finally done it; I controlled the numbers. The high I felt from making the numbers even was like nothing I had ever experienced. My brain was overwhelmed by even numbers. I was in control of all the numbers again and this time I was wholly responsible. However, I wasn’t done yet. I needed to make this look like an accident. I grabbed a wet floor sign out of the nearest janitor’s closet and rushed back to the bathroom. Thankfully, no one had found Paige yet. I splashed some water on the ground and on the bottom of Paige’s shoes. Next, I just placed the wet floor sign right at her feet and ran back out to the dance. No one ever found out I was the one who killed her.
I was by this time his active and enthralled assistant, and helped him make all his decisions, not only concerning the source of bodies but concerning a suitable place for our loathsome work. It was I who thought of the deserted Chapman farmhouse beyond Meadow Hill, where we fitted up on the ground floor an operating room and a laboratory, each with dark curtains to conceal our midnight doings. The place was far from any road, and in sight of no other house, yet precautions were none the less necessary; since rumours of strange lights, started by chance nocturnal roamers, would soon bring disaster on our enterprise. It was agreed to call the whole thing a chemical laboratory if discovery should occur. Gradually we equipped our sinister haunt of science with materials either purchased in Boston or quietly borrowed from the college—materials carefully made unrecognisable save to expert eyes—and provided spades and picks for the many burials we should have to make in the cellar. At the college we used an incinerator, but the apparatus was too costly for our unauthorised laboratory. Bodies were always a nuisance—even the small guinea-pig bodies from the slight clandestine experiments in West’s room at the boarding-house.
I began to stumble forward after a few moments, my rapidly beating heart the only thing I could feel. There was no door in sight. Wasn’t even sure there was one this time. The silence was then broken by a low hum.
“There’s something you need to know,” she said.
I can’t be sure how long I had passed out for, the sun had not come up yet, but the sky was already showing signs that it would be out soon. I had passed out on the floor of the cab, not a very comfortable position considering the gigantic hump between the driver and passenger side floor. I pulled my sore body to the seat of the cab and cracked my back by stretching backwards, my hands forcing my mid back outward. It was eerily quiet outside, no movement, no signs that anything had been around for a while.
A few minutes later, you shut down the computer. You picked up the last book and went through it yourself. When you reached the end cover, you tossed it aside.
“Of course you do,” Kent rebutted. “Can I use a phone then?”
I kept walking, hoping that the next tree I passed would reveal the door. After a few moments of walking, I felt a mosquito fly onto my arm. I shook it off and kept going. A second later, I felt about ten more land on my skin at different places. I felt them crawl up and down my arms and legs and a few made their way across my face. I flailed wildly to get them all off but they just kept crawling. I looked down and let out a muffled scream – more of a whimper, to be honest. I didn’t see a single bug. Not one bug was on me, but I could feel them crawl. I heard them fly by my face and sting my skin but I couldn’t see a single one. I dropped to the ground and began to roll wildly. I was desperate. I hated bugs, especially ones I couldn’t see or touch. But these bugs could touch me and they were everywhere.
“If anyone sees a little boy they don’t recognize, please keep him here until I come back.” No one paid much attention. As Kent turned to leave, he was accosted by a sickly, bearded man tripping through the doorway.
In unison, Mike and Kevin quit laughing and sat upright in the bed, smiles completely erased.  Her husband and child each turned to face her and the expressions of fear etched upon their faces was enough for her to bolt upright as well.  Perhaps it was a reaction to Kevin taking her hand or Mike’s saying, “I love you both so much”, but the fear they seemed to be feeling gripped her by the throat as well.  Suddenly terrified by the certain knowledge that some impending doom was imminent, all she had time to do was shed a single tear when the bay window flooded the room with blinding and oppressive light.  It consumed them and the smell of burning hair filled her nostrils before the wall of fire came through to wash them away.
It appeared to be a clean cut, and the wound had somehow been cauterized.
He pulled himself into a sitting position, confused and half-awake.  His father handed his jacket to him.  “Come on, Jakey.  You gotta put your jacket on.  It’s time to go.”
I admit to being one who scares easily, but every one of those staring people terrified me more than anything I had ever known. I wanted to look away and shut the whole thing out as my own imagination, but after three weeks of seeing these sick, malice eyes, I knew I needed to face it. I needed to know what it wanted, but I was always afraid of approaching it. Seeing those eyes went from being a once-a-day occurrence to being once every single time I looked out of my window. It started with the old man across the street staring out of his window. It then took shape of drivers stopping just outside of my house to stare at me from inside their own cars. Within the week, it turned into neighbors standing on the sidewalk outside of my house. It wasn’t long after that did they start standing on my lawn. I tried to get my girlfriend to see them with me, but like every other person, she never saw anyone there. I would see them moving closer and closer to the house with every time I looked back. I screamed at them. I threatened the police on them. When I did finally call the cops, they too saw nothing. I didn’t want myself committed, so I tried to convince myself that they were just illusions for the sake of appearances, but I knew better than that.
Julian: Speaking of dying, we have a guest here with us at the station!

“Patrick, something’s wrong. I can’t turn around.”
The papers were pretty freaky as well. They were a combination of drawings and writings. Most of the writings were what seemed like a wish list of murder, listing practically every way imaginable how to kill people. Others seemed to be random thoughts, like how he accidentally pissed his pants while at the movies or how he has an “infectious evil“ and that he‘ll spread that to his “disciples”. Some of the drawings were pretty similar to the ones seen on some of the tapes on the walls in Chris’s old room. Others were more detailed and showed corpses of various states of decay and of strange creatures. They were humanoid but they all had a demonic look to them, with many of them shown standing on all fours. One thing that showed up often was a strange symbol. It looked like the letter C with the gap in the C pointing down, with a V laid on top of it. When we got to the bottom of the box, we found another tape, one that we’ll never get to watch, because it was completely coated in candle wax.
I stayed still for a moment, remembering the dream, until Kaylee’s head appeared over the edge of the bed.
“Oh, how lovely! An entire weekend, just me and you…” Tracer looked over at the camera, ”What? Jeremy, you’re making me blush!” She giggled and covered her hand with her mouth.
My thoughts were fragmented by Julie’s sudden cries. Keaton slid the blade across the skin on her shoulder and blood ran down her upper arm. I sat up to do something but Billy stiff-armed me. Keaton continued to excruciatingly drag the blade across Julie’s shoulder as her bloodcurdling screams filled the car.
You examine the couch, not daring to touch it. It smells like it hasn’t been used in years, but seems to have no dust on it at all. Now that you think of it, there’s no dust anywhere. None at all. This realization unnerves you even more, but yet again, your curiosity trumps it and you walk further into the room.
“Damn, Francis… what the hell happened?”
If the ceremony had the power he seemed to attribute to it, it seemed that he was to inhabit the body of someone else, namely of the first person to arrive at the apartment following his demise, with the transition being instantaneous and completely painless. In such a turn of events he might even have forgotten who he had been before, because his transformation to the other person would be total; nevertheless the new man inevitably was to be animated by his old conscience, despite the fact that this realization could take a while to occur to him and would only be reached by steps.
One day, I guess he got bored of that too, so he went right to the police station and turned himself in. Not on account of guilt, no, no, no. He just wanted someone to know about the stuff he was doing. Sick bastard.
I locked his room for the night and went to bed with little success. Regardless of the validity of his claims, Mr. Brown had still managed to get to me. That night, once I had managed to drift off, I experienced a very similar dream to what my patients had experienced. Maybe I was just letting everything get under my skin. That bottle of bourbon would be more welcome than I could’ve imagined.
Another moment passed and then the driver side door opened. The car’s interior light turned on and revealed three guys around our age inside. As I scrutinized, I realized I recognized them from school.
The dream started like all the others. It was the 1920s and she was at the freak show – except this time she was on stage. People were pointing at her, staring at her; screaming and laughing and ogling. She was the freak, this is what it felt like and, surprisingly, it didn’t feel good.
“Brian,” Kent whispered. Where was his son? He wanted to cry, but it was too soon. Brian could be safe nearby. Someone must have noticed that he was alone and brought him to safety. There was a village in sight so there could be a police station. Kent stood up and started towards the town. As he stumbled through the field, he tried to piece together why he passed out and how the carnival could have vanished overnight.
“Past where the silo stands…”
My idol, Skinner, once said, “A failure is not always a mistake. It may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances.” But I feel I have made a great many mistakes.
He held out his hand with the key in it and the other to take my money. I reached into my pocket and pulled out my wallet then handed the man a 20 dollar bill. He took it with a grin then said, “Please enjoy your stay.”
“Don’t bother asking why or how or anything like that,” said Samantha. “I can’t tell you that. If that’s going to be a problem, you should leave now. I’m letting you know this because I like you, and I want to take the next step, but this is non-negotiable.”


The elevator screeched and squealed as it took me down deeper into this hell hole. I really did not want to see what was down on the next floor, but i really had no choice. The elevator stopped when it reached its destination, my final destination. And when the door opened i nearly puked my lungs up at what i saw. There was no B2, or even a B1. There was nothing, but that damn door. That red, burning, screaming, pulsating door that was just there in the darkness. I had no way out. The only way left to go was in. Into the hell that was behind that door, and that for some reason was hidden beneath this cursed motel. I closed my eyes and took 3 deep breaths then made my way across the darkness and towards the bloody blazing door. I started feeling angry. Frustrated that i ended up in this situation. I was pissed at my family and thats why i left home. And now im pissed off at this motel for being so fucked up. I grabbed the door handle and threw the door open then rushed inside screaming my head off. “Get away from you stupid fucking demons! Screw this place. And fuck all this crazy bullshit! I just want to be alone in piece and quiet!”
“I see…” he mumbled to himself.
My hyper-accelerated mind wasted no time compensating for the lack of sensory input. Voices spoke to me. They sung to me in languages that never existed. Patterns and faces and colors came and went in my mind’s eye. I recalled my whole life, and imagined living another. I forgot English. I settled into a profound despair. I spoke to God. I became God. I imagined a new universe and brought it to life with my thoughts. Then I did it all again. And again.
Then I heard the voice that had both dreaded and craved hearing the most: the voice of my boyfriend.

As he said this, numerous other doctors surrounded me, putting on latex gloves, about to perform surgery…on me!?
With quicker thinking that Laura displayed, Dimitri activated the solar shields which blocked, very nearly, all outside light with the type of tint one could watch a solar eclipse through and unlatched himself from his seat to set about doing whatever he could to treat her eyes.  Although neither of them were doctors, it wasn’t as if they were without medical training altogether.  Every person that went into space, especially those expecting extended stays, were required to learn just about everything first-year med students were taught.
The subject smiled.
A shrink couldn’t save me from whatever this was.
“I don’t know, I’ll think of something, get one of the armory boys to bodge the records maybe? Buy some on the way home?” His confidence was beginning to take him over once more. “I guess I could even say I dropped them over a sewer grate.” He chuckled, and so did sparrow, a flush coming back to her cheeks. The memory buried with the questions. She started the engine and pulled out onto the street. She decided to head for an all-hour coffee shop that she knew of. Treat her partner to a cup and a slice of cheesecake. As they drove up the tarmac, their eyes lifted to the mirror for some reason, as if drawn by a surviving and foolish curiosity that wouldn’t let the dead thoughts rest. In the dim reflection, they saw the prick of a lamplight, its dying beam obscured by a heavy black outline. They dropped their gazes, quickly focussing back at the road onwards. They looked at anything they could. Litter blowing in the early winds, murky puddles by the blocked gratings, a partially ransacked car. On the sidewalk in front was a young woman, cheap headphones and a blue satchel slung over her shoulder, heading quietly down Jenkins street. They sped on past her in silence.

The cops suspected my then girlfriend at the time. She was a nurse – I think you can guess in under which circumstances we first met – but everything checked out; she had been working all night and dozens of hospital staff accounted for her, as did video surveillance.
It was horrifying and it was synonymous with the little girl in front of me. They were the same form. I can’t really describe it, but I saw them at the same time. They shared the same spot in that room, but it was like looking at two separate dimensions. When I saw the girl I saw the form, and when I saw the form I saw the girl. I couldn’t speak. I could barely even see. My mind was revolting against what it was attempting to process. I had been scared before in my life and I had never been more scared than when I was trapped in the fourth room, but that was before room six. I just stood there, staring at whatever it was that spoke to me. There was no exit. I was trapped here with it. And then it spoke again.
They grew, and they changed, in a handful of lifetimes they abolished war, abandoned their violent tendencies and turned themselves to the grand purposes of life and Art. We watched them remake first themselves, and then their world. Their frail, soft bodies gave way to gleaming metals and plastics, they unified their people through an omnipresent communications grid and produced Art of such power and emotion, the likes of which the Galaxy has never seen before. Or again, because of us.
Back in 2012, I went to Las Vegas for a couple of weeks to blow off some steam, along with my severance package after I was laid off.
“It seems this is just the first one both large enough and near enough to catch your attention. No other explanation I can think of really. Like I said, they’re usually much smaller than what we’re dealing with now.”
“It’s okay, sweetie,” she said, trembling slightly as she knelt down and hugged him.  Jake was crying openly now, scared and cold.  “It’s okay, Jakey.  Mommy and Daddy are just really wanting the snow to go away.”
“Wait here,” the man said and walked back into the cabin, leaving Kent alone to ponder his plight. He recalled the scenario thus far, evoking vivid, yet detached memories. The coaster. The fortune-teller. The funhouse. The restaurant. The crazed man who lost his daughter.
“Excuse me?” I said into the silence. “I just wanted to ask how much longer you’ll be needing to use the saw.”
Collin: So there I was, standing in the corner of my kitchen, scared shitless, a bullet hole in my table, and a drunk armed lunatic with a badge eating my peaches! And this is the best part, the only reason he came over was to deliver me a ticket for, and I quote, “the continuous harassment of the police and for the obstruction of justice”.
“I don’t,” he yelled from the bathroom, mouth full of toothpaste. “She didn’t call until after she was gone.”
We were all frozen on the spot. He stared us down until finally a few others slowly stood and walked to the doors to join him. They peeked out the doors and quietly tiptoed out into the hall. The rest of us sat in terrified silence, waiting… and then there was a scream.
She peeks and her gaze automatically lands at his mouth, disgust evident on her beautiful face.
It was something small in the wind, like a whisper, but it came over and over, incessant. It sounded like my name. I knew this was strange, that this was worth my attention, but I felt oddly calm. Everything would be alright, everything would be fine. Just ignore it.
I went outside for a cigarette, to try to calm down. Our balcony looked out at the little curve of the road we lived by – residential street with a train line running alongside it. The train didn’t shake our apartment but it made noise. The track was quiet that night. I couldn’t hear anything except the trees rustling in a light wind.
Samantha stood up. “Now, I’m going to go into the bathroom and clean my face. That will give you plenty of time to think about what I’ve told you. If you’re here when I’m done… that’s great. I would like that. But if you’re gone… I’ll understand.”
This woke Jake up fully.  “Huh?” he said, and turned to look out the window.  It was just as it had been the last few days.  The snow covered everything.  There was no light, no movement.
The woman’s… man’s… thing’s lips were rotten and blistered with crusty yellow slime, and a few spots of the stuff stained its white bathrobe.
On the day that I was to meet him, I went through the standard screening procedure for entering Guantanamo, passing through the gates and putting my things through an xray machine. All was well.
* * * * * *
Didn’t take long before I realized I was missing a finger.
The question of “what linked my patients” would haunt me for over a month, until the state would hand over a guilty defendant, whose attorney had tried for the insanity plea.
I had trouble sleeping that night. I kept thinking about the video. I watched that show all the time when I was younger, I definitely have seen every episode. I didn’t understand why I didn’t remember an episode like this. I was still curious about the rest of the episode. I decided to go downstairs to finish it. I took the DVD out of the drawer and put it in the VCR. I put on headphones so the noise wouldn’t disturb my family.
Information Status: CLASSIFIED – SUPERIOR OFFICERS ONLY
“Chill out, it’s just me,” a voice whispered. I relaxed slightly at the sight of my best friend Katie, but her pinched, worried face had me concerned all over again. “Are you sick?” she asked nervously, her eyes searching my face.

I was relieved to be home. At least I had stuff I could do there. I picked up the book I was reading – One Hundred Years of Solitude – and finished it. Despite turning the pages so quickly that I tore many of them, it seemed like most of the time I spent finishing the book was spent on page turning and not actually reading. Three minutes had passed since I got home.
I was about halfway done with filling in my information when I slumped back in my chair. I hadn’t gotten much sleep the night prior, and I was exhausted. As I slumped back, I noticed something very peculiar— my head never hit the wall. In fact, it felt like it went in. I got up, quite frightened, and looked at the wall.
“You screamed,” I explained.
Snatches of conversations and soft footfalls occasionally made their way into Amani’s cell. The most repeated phrase which they managed to pick up was: “Min fadlik la!” which means “Please, don’t!” Sayyid, or whomever these pleas were directed at, never seemed to heed these requests for clemency because what followed that phrase was, inevitably, screaming.
“Yeah.”
I snapped out of it and faced down the maw in front of me. I couldn’t run to the right because of the tentacles. The highway barrier was on my left. Nowhere to go but behind me and even then I didn’t know how fast those teeth would move. I had to do something.
There was only one way to find out.
One March night, however, we unexpectedly obtained a specimen which did not come from the potter’s field. In Bolton the prevailing spirit of Puritanism had outlawed the sport of boxing—with the usual result. Surreptitious and ill-conducted bouts among the mill-workers were common, and occasionally professional talent of low grade was imported. This late winter night there had been such a match; evidently with disastrous results, since two timorous Poles had come to us with incoherently whispered entreaties to attend to a very secret and desperate case. We followed them to an abandoned barn, where the remnants of a crowd of frightened foreigners were watching a silent black form on the floor.
My front door opened, and I heard two sets of footsteps coming up the stairs. I guessed that my mom and dad were back from church.

Nodding, Elliot walked calmly by Roger’s side, noting an increasingly ominous feeling as the dunes moved closer. They were mostly smooth and curvy, with some large chunks of rock scattered around, poking up from the sand. Roger headed up to the top of one of the slopes, staring out across the horizon.
“I don’t know. Sure.”
Except the voices didn’t go away.
“It’s locked,” said Julie.
“The woman. Who is the woman that lives here?”
Some other kids thrived just as well as Adam did, but then strange things started happening to them. One mysteriously lost his bow and arrows, another had a tent blown away, I guess. People lose things out in the wilderness, though; especially when they accidentally drop a black ferro rod or inadvertently drop it into the fire.

When Opal was fifteen, she was touring around with Sigfried’s Circus; a second-rate sideshow that just so happened to be the home of Merv Gilman – more commonly known as “Rat Man”. Merv was famous for having a tail and, although he was twenty-three years older than Opal, Gemma immediately seized upon the ultimate publicity stunt – she arranged to have Opal marry Merv in a grand hoopla ceremony that was open to the public for a fee. In fact, over the course of a year, Opal and Merv got “married” in several different states with new guests at every show. Opal and Merv were wed only fourteen months before her death. According to the records, her demise was the result of accidental drowning.
Why the hell was that guy still staring at my face?
*
“Now, as I’ve said, you’re not the only one of your kind running around out there. About one percent of the earth’s population can see these things. We call them Aberrations. They pop up every so often, and our job is to take care of them before they cause any major damage.”

Teddy didn’t even realize the irony of his action. Angie was, in fact, the one who had bought it for him.
Gently, she pulls me from the mess and sends Brittany a cold look.
We crept in hunched over and I closed the door behind me, accidentally slamming it, giving Chris a good jump that we couldn’t help laughing over. We snuck around the house with our flashlights shining over the walls. As a side note, I really don’t see how much they really would have fixed up Chris’s house when they had it because this one looked like crap. The wallpaper was probably older than me and Chris combined. But anyway, we went into the living room and found a huge pile of trash lying in the far corner with a depression in the middle, like a person or a large dog had used it as a bed. We went upstairs and found something that connected this house to Chris’s. In one of the bedrooms was a pile of pill bottles. Some of the pill bottles were the ones stolen from Chris’s bathroom medicine cabinet. We knew this because some of them had his mother and fathers name on them and one of them was Chris’s back pain medicine (from an injury that happened a couple years ago that will require surgery). That was all we needed to see so we booked it back down the stairs and to the door, but when we got to the door, I jumped back, knocking both me and Chris down. On the inside of the back door was the CV symbol from Butcherface’s notes. After we got back to the car, Chris said something that creeped the both of us out. If Butcherface really is living in that house, he probably wasn’t there because he was staking out Chris’s house right now.
And we tossed aside a lot of books.
He shivered and stamped the snow off of his shoes just inside the entrance as the stranger let the door close behind him.  “Thanks,” he said to the man as he looked around the diner.  Linoleum floor, wood paneling, booths lining the walls under the windows, and a bar running the down the middle of the room with a series of grills, stovetops, and various appliances behind.  A door led to some back area at one end of the bar.  He realized that only some of the lights were on, shining down on the bar and cooking area.  The booths and the front of the diner were still partially covered in shadow.
But I never found it.
Then I stopped. I stopped because so had they. For a moment, I thought they had just stopped walking to check the map or something but just the glimpse sent a chill through me. Like something was just barely off. Uncanny valley, right? I looked at them a little closer and saw that they had not just stopped, they had stopped mid step. The one at the front had their front leg raised in the air and the other two were weirdly balanced forward, a position that would be difficult to maintain. I assumed they had seen me and were doing some sort of performance, like those street performers that look like statues and maintain poses. Then I spotted it, the thing that had made my skin prickle.
“Me neither. Still, better than just sticking around back at base, getting yelled at by Sergeant Brills.”
The image of people, alone, forgotten and hopeless literally screaming their throats out in a dark hole at the edge of human civilization has never truly left me. I dream of them, sometimes, always as Amani described them. From a cell down the hall, not able to see what tortures were being perpetrated on their bodies, but hearing their cries and making intense efforts to record them in a secret corner of my soul.
* * * * * *
CHAPTER 2
“1030, you went to apartment 1030?”
She looked like she always had, but different. She stood like she always stood, but off somehow. Not like a funhouse mirror. Like a cardboard cutout. She was inert and smiling and unnaturally still. Her hands were clasped in front of her and she was otherworldly in the half-dark from the bathroom light and the living room’s blackness.
When the bill came, they both reached for it, touching hands for only a second. Their eyes met, and Shawn quickly removed his hand, the check still in it.
As mania swept the Southern counties from fear of attack, a different sort of panic began to overcome Luke Wetlock.
Kent reached out and accepted the gun. It felt cold, dangerous and unfamiliar.
I know that whoever’s been collecting my body parts over the years will see this.
Coco: I think I’m going to be sick.

Julie immediately pulled on the door handle. It was locked, of course. The lock pin was the kind that retracted all the way down and so it was impossible to pull it up.
“Don’t talk! Listen!” he screamed with sudden vigor which made Peter jump. He paused for a moment to find his words and to chew his gum. “I have a survival knife in my back pocket. If you kick like that again, there is a very severe possibility that you’re gonna get hurt. Do you understand?”
She was still screaming.
He was right, though; we were the same. I knew it the moment I saw he was dead. I still could have called the police. It was self-defense, after all. But no. The first thought that came to my head was how I would dispose of the body.
I was caught off guard by the non sequitur. You said last time I was here, I was telling you a story, a horror story about a haunted house.
She gasps.

When she was three, she pitched dramatic tantrums in stores to get attention. When she was five, she delighted in wandering away from her parents so she could hide and watch them panic. She discovered heavy metal at six, black nail polish at eight, and the occult at ten. She first dyed her mouse-brown hair jet black at the tender age of eleven. By thirteen she had gotten several ear piercings and by fourteen she also had a nose, tongue and belly button ring. By use of a fake ID, she got her first tattoo – a skull reclining on a red rose – when she was fifteen. Morbidity fascinated her. She ritualistically wore black clothes and black makeup – with the exception of her penchant for dark red lipstick – and stared down anyone who dared to shoot her a dirty look.
“You’re not coming in?” Brian asked, a little confused.
“How are we doing?” A masculine voice asked from the doorway.
Unbeknownst to her, he had followed her career after that and it was he who put in the request to have her on his station crew.  Laura knew he had given a recommendation but had no idea the extent to which he was responsible for her wildest dreams coming true.  In three days’ time, the adventure would really begin.  Dimitri would be replacing current OSS Commander Jill Milner and Laura was relieving Alex Wang, both of whom would use the Daedalus to return to Earth after completing four-year tours in space.  Astronauts Nick Geary and Rukia Kanagi would be staying behind leaving a continued skeleton crew of four once the Daedalus departs again.
The mention of seas caught my attention. I had to ask. I felt an all-consuming curiosity to know, as if I was being pointed to it by an invisible stranger.
Jake turned to his mom and then looked at the clock hanging on the wall.  He wasn’t very good at telling time yet, but he knew that it was later than lunchtime.  “Isn’t it time for dinner?” he asked.

Where it was I didn’t know. But I knew it would be coming for me soon.

